Best of /r/leagueoflegends 2017 - Nominate & Vote here!
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite competitive match**  
(Please include a VOD if possible)
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite comment**
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Champion Release**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Patch**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Best Fan Art**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Meta Discussion (Post)**
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Tournament**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Solo Queue Play**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Rioter and/or Caster on Reddit**
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Pro Player on Reddit**
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Best Game Mode**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Most Valuable Redditor**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Funniest moment in /r/leagueoflegends**
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Non-Meta Discussion (Post)**
Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Rework/Update**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Player**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Best AMA**

Reply to this comment to nominate for the category: **Favourite Team**
I hit D2 maining support Rek'sai AMA
Do you get flamed a lot in champion select/when the game is going poorly?
Why support rek'sai over all the other support champions? What do you do to make it viable? How much do your ADC's hate you?
I like seeing people hit high elo with weird shit.  Nicely done
whats your peak rank in league?
I'm a diamond supp. I'll try rek sai. I'll int hard. I'll blame you.
how do you feel playing a nude female support when clothes are almost mandatory in the botlane for all the blood splashes that they normally generate?
I remember losing to you. My alistar was shit talking about how rek sai support sucks and you're useless against him. Then bot fed 4 kills lul
i just hit d2 with nasus jungle ama. i started at d1
Ive played so many times with u as rengar jg and we smash kids
What’s your build as rek support?
So I take it you just pop up and knockup people?  When do you ult, as  the execute or to engage in?
1. Do you stream?

2. What’s wrong with you?

3. Tits or Ass?
Would you like to join me in making Nunu Support Snowball Comet Spammer a meta on bot lane? I'll be on SE Asia and you'll be on NA?
Have you considered playing other champs in other off roles as one tricks to see how far you can go? If so, which ones/what roles?

As a main Rek'sai myself from the EUNE server with over 1mil points on my main account and 300k on my smurfs, i wanted to ask what made you start playing support Rek'sai and not jungle?

P.S I just opened this account to ask you a question so im no longer a lurker GJ 

What supports do you find are an easy matchup, and what are the hard ones?

EDIT:  What adcs as well do you find are problematic and what synergize the best with you?
Love seeing people climb with interesting, off-meta picks to great success.

D5 is doable with anything if you're good enough, but breaking the D4/D3/D2 threshold means that the pick is actually probably pretty good if you know what you're doing. (Alongside you being a very good player.)
Impressive, what rank is your main account?
how many ban threats from riot did you get?
Do you have any gameplay videos/stream? I'd love to see how the general laning phase goes and the nuances of the champion.
do you think a part of the wins come from people underestimating your support pick 
What do you eat in the morning for breakfast?
Hi. I've rumours about this full crit Rek'sai main wandering about on the rift around Master tier in NA, legends say they call him Shad (although his real identity is unknown). What would you like to say to this guy, when he truly should be playing Support Rek'sai instead?
And i am just sitting here playing normal meta supps and not getting higher than silver without my yearly elo-boost to get the gold-skin
knew it was NA before i opened the thread
How is this viable compared to other supports? I don't understand what kit of Rek'Sai would make him good as a supp?
Why did you choose Rek'sai of all champs?
What about Rek'Sai do you like so much to pick it over champions suited for support? I understand you're a rek main, but what actually makes it better, in your opinion? 
I literally did this like 2 years ago to get through my promo into diamond... lol

I joke about it now like "yea, I used to rek'sai support" but you actually do, o.o
its crazy u can pull this off. when i play reksai i legit feed my face off every game. doesnt matter what game mode. i hit d3 last season
Well now im going to see a fuck ton of rek sai supports in my game lol. rip my lp
Did you "hit" D2 with support rek'sai from above D2? :^)
This annoys me so much there are so many champs who can play a whole wide ranges of roles but people are to stubborn to try. I try to play off meta and get flamed all the time. 

I like to think outside the box!
Tits or ass?
Do you think playing an off-meta support makes the enemy bot auto-pilot, giving you an advantage?
How does it work? What does rek supp provide?
I can see this becoming meta.
Thoughts on AP Rek'sai support?
i just played rek sai support for the first time, also just my 3 rek sai game overall or smth... and i absulutely stomped in d4 , fun af
Sir any hilarious reaction from your teammates you can remember from champ select like wtf reksai supp 
Have you gotten temp banned for playing an off meta support, like a few others?
grats on reaching ~~na diamond~~ euw plat
he also created the crit'sai build
I'm always scared of such threads in reddit and boards, because of how many times I had some morons trying out first time in ranked that off meta picks knowing nothing about how it works - "he got diamond 2 playing ad ahri support, ez elo". 
what are some of the funniest ways you've been flamed for playing Rek'sai support? 
Since you say you were low masters before, what is the skill level difference between D2 and low masters?

Why do you think you were stuck in high plat when playing Jinx? Is it more so your not as skilled on that champ or is high plat hard to climb out of with AD in general?
its ya BOY
What are some of the best/worst ADCs to pair with Support Rek'sai?
Do you have any youtube montage or a channel ? am from garena, cant spectate your games from op.gg ! Also your twitch channel's last videos was around november which was about adc smurf. 
Also another question ? which abilities you max in order ? 
why
How did you not get banned for doing it? Usually report trains win or lose with this kind of stuff
Is reksai sup good or are u just a high elo trying out stuff, whats ur main rank?
Mighty interesting, i might try this out myself. What ADCs and supports do you generally avoid playing against? From the looks of Rek's kit, i think mobility carries might be a bit hard to play against since they can just dash away when engaging with your tunnel.
Didn't you get warned by riot for taking Smite?
hmmmm cheese
Man i truly know how hard it is to climb with something you love and that you're actually good at but people flame you just because its not meta... (shaco top and support main right here)

You're an example to me, thank you ^^
Do you ever think that you can't reach high diamond without Rek'sai?
or what are you gonna do if Rek'sai get nerfed or changed to the worst.
I bet you started playing it just to face tristanas, it always feels great to cancel their jump and make them tilt really hard
What’s the best sandwhich topping?
Can I get your autograph?
Reached d5 playing zyra mid not wierd but ppl forgot what she does
Lol I saw you posting on the discord the past couple of days. I've played a game or two of support reksai over the past couple of years. Always seemed to go well so I'm not too surprised. Congratz on d2 ^^
What in your opinion makes Rek'sai a good support? How do you itemize and survive laning phase? 
Always nice to see off role stuff working out!

However, you really need to put some time into when and where to ward as a sup, would have saved your ass multiple times (just by watching the two replays you posted). Though, that is more of an experience thing than anything else. 

I've been playing xin supp in low diamond a bit and zeke's feels pretty busted. Do you go face of the mountain or sightstone upgrade? Do you ever throw in an ohmwrecker?
Hey, that's pretty neat.

What is your win condition? How do you make it work?
Tips for playing jinx?
Saw you on the rek'sai mains reddit too. As someone who mains rek'sai in top lane its awesome to see her played in other off meta roles. Do you think the new runes have helped a significant amount with rek'sai as support? 
Do you think you could get to master with rek supp?

Well done!
Now you will get banned, cause Riot bans everyone who doesn't stick to the meta :)
I've been maining rek sai jg and have only gotten to G2, clearly i had my roles wrong 
how do you not get abused by stuff like thresh flay / janna q / morg bind etc denying your engage?
What is the logic behind playing rek sai support?

played against you like 5 times this week haha. good job!!! i also just hit d2
You're a legend my dude, I hope to one day make it out of gold 5 but I'm not as dedicated as you
What is the laning patterns? Skill sequence etc.? 
Whos your favorite mid laner youve played with in the past few weeks 

Me? Thanks dude i knew it! 
Why do you hate life? And by that I mean how do you make such a weird pick work?
I tried to do the same with Ryze bot, but half of the time people get tilted and start trolling and the other half they steal my role and tell me to go support.
If you were to go pro, which team would you want to play for?
Do you know that Mata played supp reksai in soloq?
How exactly do you play Rek'sai support? I used to play a lot on normals  before her mini rework. The W only knocking up one target really killed her for me in that role...
I’m a little late to the party and this might have been asked already, but three questions.

What’s the best support rek’sai game you’ve had?

What made you want to one trick rek’sai?

Do you have any other off-meta picks you like to play?
I got carried to D2 maining support Rek'sai
What do you do if the haters dab back
Why do you play rek'sai support and how does it work?
How do you play in laning phase? Why do u use to build bc instead of full tank? 
That's crazy. Gj
As a believer and player of off-meta support champions this looks fun as hell, any tips on how to play/lane with support rek'sai?
What made you think that Rek'Sai would be decent in a support role? 
As someone who would want to try breaking the meta and trying out cheesy shit like you what would you recommend me to do during the process of doing this.(not necessarily your reksaai cheese.)

And also you think Shot calling matters in platinum elo?. 


Lol I think I played with you before, if your IGN used to be Stefican
What’s the rest of your Rune buildpath after Aftershock?
I’m a little late but do you find this pick harder to pull off now that you get recognized more often?
Why did you choose Rek'Sai as your support?
I guess singed support main should have just made an AMA upon hitting mid Diamond. May be he would not have been banned then. 
[I see you supported gosu on your last matches and won, what an absolute madman](http://puu.sh/yPtAv/7daf40d1f0.jpg)
thank god I am a support main and immune to people trying this out first time in my ranked team
How did you not get banned because apparently when I play fiddlesticks mid I get a 14 day ban
If you're good at a champ, it's probably more likely to get you to a higher rank in a niche role since the enemy team doesn't know how to play against it on the spot. 

I'd say if you can get into challenger that would be the real achievement as only around master do people actually have any sort of insight (and once you're in master your mm games contain a majority of master+ players, in D2 you might get a few)
Cant see why it wouldnt work. Its like Leona/Alistar. Always funny to see new picks.
why?
why do the AMA now ? Are you scared you won't get Master ?
Also, what did you eat for lunch ? 
Maybe you answered it before, but:

What adc's do you feel are the best with rek'sai? And also, I'm curious how do you come with the idea of playing rek'sai supp?
AYYY ITS MY BOYYY HELL YA BUDDY
How does the rek’sai into shen  sup matchup fare for you?
i can take it a step further, i sometimes play aatrox support and by end of lane phase i’ll be averaging at about 3/1/3 .

ofcourse thats when i get filled since 95% ill be taking him top, sadly ive only reached d4 as my highest and currently at p1 x) 
hmm well this happend before with a player who got highdiam or challanger with singed support with tp and smite... be careful u may get banned even if you dont feed/troll reports=ban
Why?
How often did you have to /mute all? Not trying to flame or something just want to know. I'm in gold elo so I find myself having to do that a lot no matter how good or bad I'm doing...
Do you think you could hit master if you played a real support? 
I haven't played league in quite a while and I overlooked the word support when I read the post. After seeing a whole bunch of replies mentioning support I somehow assumed the meta had shifted so much that Rek'sai support was normal and people would flame you for playing jungle Rek'sai :D
Wow, congratulations man. As a support main, I am shocked this fully worked out for you the way it did, but that's definitely an amazing feat for yourself.
Hmm with the name shadarek and lolpandaren I feel like I know you from somewhere :O ? any idea? X.X
i think we all want to know if u prefer tits or ass
i play galio/garen/kha'zix/lissandra/lux/malphite/pantheon /renekton/shen/sion/talon/urgot/viegar/yorick/zed as support normal and practicing hecarim/illaoi/rengar/riven/shaco/vladimir aswell

but you play rek'sai as support until diamond ...i salute you 
I really like unconventional tanky picks going as support. I would try uncommon picks myself, but I never feel enough confidence and I am afraid of teammates reactions. 

So man I wish you the best of luck on your adventure as Rek support. I want to see some videos of your gameplay on bot lane.
what the fuck
Why?

Besides taking Aftershock, what other runes do you take?
Being subbed to both r/destinythegame and r/leagueoflegends I was 100% sure when this said D2 it meant Destiny 2, and that this was a Subreddit Simulator Post.

In reality you may just be the greatest troll supp of all time.
Did you rush AP reksai ever? Or it's just purely for diving in and knocking up someone? 
whose youre favorite adc player to play with
[removed]
I'm honestly not surprised this is a thing. I'm Silver 3 and I can get away with Sej support, and she's just a more beef less hurt version of Rek. Good job on ruining my soloQ.
What do you think of Malphite jungle? 
Can you send runes? I want to try it myself.
What is your experience with AP/prey Seeker rek'sai?
Not the worst thing ever, it can work (Although not nearly as well as a proper support), back before Rengar was ruined I used to play him anywhere as I was one of those pure one tricks, took him support often and boy were those fun times, just jumping on the ADC and support mauling both of them and then just making them abandon the lane or else they'd get fucked if they came anywhere near the minions.

Good times, love doing silly shit, this year I did a bit of Shaco support, good fun.
How does laning work?
What runes do you run for it. It would be great to see a comprehensive guide. I'm always looking for viable nonmeta supports.
Congratulations.  I don't play Rek'Sai, but my adventurers in looking at support offmetas (esp. AD ones) give much appreciation to what you've accomplished.  Vi has a similar pattern as support, although you can poke lvl 1 with a full charged Q + auto with passive up.
Stupid. This game is already messed up enough without people playing shit builds and champs because a tiny fraction of the 80 bajillion people who play this game get past plat with it.
How did you managed to assure your ADC that it would work, so that he/she wouldn't tilt off the face of the earth in champ select.

I have a friend who has this problem, when they see a weird support they tilt assume they lost. Again, asking for a friend. xD
What brought you to diamond, consistent play that was never lose to badly but not risky or hard wins and hard losses but you won more often than loss? 
Man this is awesome! I'm totally going to watch your streams I'm so curious to know how you handle things and make plays in game with rek support 
Congrats, but you can hit D2 playing anything lol
This guy is nuts, I remember playing against you.  GLHF in your life you crazy star.
Tits or ass?
How the heck did you get summoner name? I thought you couldnt name yourself after a champ in game unless you used different characters.

On another note what do you run on rek as a jungler items and runes? If you have different stuff for what you go against even better.
Only in NA
Why
Do you think Reksai is closer to a cockroach or a lion?
Final EU and NA LCS rosters
The funny thing is Roccat as the only EU team with 2 imports and Koreans looks like the worst team to me.
Where is phaxi ?:O

Even EU starting to import europeans 
So the first NA import to EU is an EU player with NA Residency.

In other words. Santorin has no need to restore EU Residency cause EU doesn't rely on Imports. 

So He can go back to NA when he wants.

EDIT: Dexter was actually the first "NA import to EU". Even though Dexter is from Germany and played in NA for less than a Year. But Played before the 2 import rule. Another player who kept the NA residency So they could go back to NA if needed. As EU doesn't rely on Imports. 
NA has 18 imports, EU 6 imports. 18/6=3, the triangle has three angles, triangle is illuminati. NA confirmed illuminati. And thats why NA is franchised.

Not bad overall for Europe imo ...Got so much potentiel in those rookies and i'm looking forward to see Jizuke , Upset , Minitroupex and Caedrel next split ...


Even that we don't have "that much star names" like NA does i feel like the top 3~5 Teams are pretty exciting to watch but overall i feel like Top 6 is Locked between (FNC/G2/MSF/S04/SPY/VIT) in this order with Vitality has the chance to upset and go deeper ...
Rip Froggen
NA has 1 Team without imports, EU has 5
Welcome to the League of ROCCAT! 🐱
As someone who doesn't know everything, could we make the new players for each team *italic*?
Am I the only one who thinks EU LCS is better overall compared to last year?
Blanc's mid spot is so undeserved, in CS he got outclassed by everyone, Larrsen and Magifelix would be much better
We've definitely hit a proving point for EU LCS. A lot of new names, who are unproven and have to overcome a view that they'll 'never be as good as the classic EU players'.

Most of these teams have incredible potential, just looking at names like Sheriff, Caedeal, Jiizuke and Minitroupax fills me with excitement.

It's going to be a fucking epic split and I can't wait to be part of it.
EULCS isnt nearly as bad as i would have thought. I can't wait :D
EU looks surprisingly decent and balanced aside from H2K and Giants.

I think Roccat on paper looks like the best Roccat roster in a long time.


Fnatic

Misfits

G2

Vitality

S04

Splyce

UOL

Roccat

H2k

GIA
Santorin is an import *giggles*

It's pretty sad to see NA being all bolded. Hopefully Golden Guardians show up with their homegrown talent
NA looks pretty stacked as a whole, but the top 5 are just obscenely stacked. 
TSM is more an EU team than NA. Time for EU to win NA LCS :>
team liquid still 4th lol
Best part of this is NA not being able to fill in more import slots next season, enough of that BS  
Edit: apparently Golden state didn't import any players, we are still fucked 
OP might have a decent ranking in his crosstable already!
Holy crap, Kasing is back! Now I know for sure which team to cheer for in S8.
I mostly watch NA LCS. So many teams that looks fun to watch. Not sure about the strength of the teams, but as an old school C9 fan as well as the recent C9 team, there are quite a few teams I'll  follow: TL has impact, 100T has Meteos, C9 is still C9, Lemon on OpTic, and Hai ons Contractz on GGS.

FQ I'll still sort of look at, with Flame and WT they still look good. So it's actually quite a low % I don't have at least a passing interest in.
Makes sense imo, EU has far more people to draw from than NA. However, it's offset because EU has to consider language barrier for some domestic players, moreso than other regions. So the domestic/import slots just come down to semantics but the challenges with creating a cohesive team remains present.
Splyce is the most overrated team out of all their jungler does nothing more then farming Kasing cant play anything but ranged supports Kobbe was carried by MikyX Nisqy is a top 6 mid at best only odoamne is good
>Santorin

>EU import

Pick one
Santorin is an important for EU

TOP KEK
Question: Since when is Santorin an import isn't he Danish?
Doesnt look like we have a super team this year in EU, but for overall competition that actually might be for the best. I dont think we have a bad team either, even though there are some obvious bottom tier teams. 

If they nail their teamwork I dont worry too much about international competition this year, and that was my biggest worry anyways. So Im gucci. 

NA has bigger names, but many teams dont really look that scary to me. Their top 5 (? 4? 3?) could potentially become very strong, especially TSM, but eh, they all seem to have glaring weaknesses. Maybe history will repeat itself and they'll beat themselves before anyone else can beat em.

Im really looking forward to both spring splits though. Its about fucking time. I hate that off-season has to be in winter. Winter is supposed to be for gamers man.. 
I have no idea who will be best team in EU but imo worst will be Giants. Djoko - Betsy - Steelback is too weak / undecisive carry core and i am kinda sorry for Ruin for this roster.
Theres only 5 eu imports in NA? wtf? judging by how Eu was acting like we were stealing talent away, i figured their would be more
Most of our imports are on the weaker teams
don't really understand all the people who says vitality can make playoffs and maybe even go deeper. 

The only team i can see them winning over is uol for the playoffs spot i would that would be a big upset. When the only real position that i think vitality has a better player in is mid but exileh could return to his spring split form and be better or even vs jizuke in that one too. 

In top i would say it is even because caboshard has really not been good for a year now and i don't see him making a big comeback this year.

In jungle i would give it to uol kold was a top 4/5 jungler last year while gilius has not been that good in any point of his carrier and he has been a pro since season 4.

I don't know who any of the support players are so i would just say that, match up is even and samux was a top 3 adc last split and to think that he is worse than minitroupax is really dumb even if you like him as a player.

The only way i see vitality making playoffs is to have insane synergy and really good macro play and what i have seen of the players i don't think that will happend.
Funny thing that Santorin isn't even a real import because he is initially from Denmark. Also, NA now has only two actual americans playing mid. 
Balls isn't even on an academy roster?
So who was the EU super team suppose to be that some EU org was hyping up over social media?
FNC > G2 > Misfits => Splyce > Schalke 04> Vitality > Roccat > UOL => Giants

 
isn't huhi not an import since he grandfathered over for playing with team fusion
On mobile no one is bolded :/
Can't wait to play some fantasy LCS.
H2K looks like they got shafted
H2What... The hell?
What happened to Balls? :(
So, what was that "big announcement" or the whatever it was that one guy said? When people were announcing rosters and he claimed in EU that the biggest thing hadn't even been announced yet. Was he just lying? Nothing too special from the rosters outside of the norm in EU.
I missed the H2K roster. That is underwhelming at best.
Could we get coaches in this as well? I'm interested to see all of the head coaches with each team
Does Jensen counts as an import? C9 is the only team he played.
no Freeze, Forg1ven or Piglet :(
Santorin is Danish , therefore not an import. Just like bjerg is Danish. The fact that riot has some grandfather rule doesn't make them Americans
Ah, I see you took the time to order the NA teams from best to worst
Can't wait to cheer for golden guardians

My favorite sports franchise GSW + my favorite player Hai! Holy shit gonna be great
how is Santorin an import in EULCS? he's freaking danish...
Gilius, Djoko and Sprattel still getting LCS spots.

Really?
So who was the "whale" that EU teams teased that some team in EU LCS was getting? Apparently a player of such magnitude that both NA and KR would be amazed. The player supposedly also so expensive that the team getting him would not be allowed franchising in 2019 due to wasting too much money recklessly.

I'm guessing it was a deal that fell through?
I'm so happy, finally no more crocodile tear posts about forgiven
Clutch gaming and GGS look interesting. I think lourlo and contractz are going to have some good synergy.
Froggen hasn't land on any EU or NA teams ? 
NA looks way stronger now
As someone who hasn't followed loL for the last 2 or 3 years, what are the teams to look forward to?
EU and EU lite rosters
/u/D4rkPhoen1x don't forget the coaches.
"NALCS import number: 18"

xDDD homegrown talent quality u see there. 
EU got 5 very Good teams
Is santorin really counted as an import?
Why is Santorin an import and bjergsen not? 
Why did 4 of GIA roster go to Vitality, they could've just stay at the same club nothing would change.
Santorin is not an import, he's danish.
I just noticed that GGS is the only NA team that does not have an import 
imports  EU= 5 , NA = 18
Santorin is an import now? 
Top 3 Teams IMO:

EULCS - Splyce, Fnatic, Misfits

NALCS - TSM, Cloud 9, Liquid
Is EU too good and doesn't need to import players or too poor to import good players?
Bjergsen still is an import, just because he officially does not count against the Import limit anymore does not mean he is not an import. He is not American.

Not counting Bjergsen as an import player and counting Santorin as an import player in EU is some real bullshit. On a technical level you are right , but in real terms you are not.
NA has no mids lol, let's hope with the academy rosters more new mids come to play.
Reignover still counts as a import? hasn't he been in na for like 3 years? doesn't he get residency like Bjerg? 
If not counting Santorin as an import, which he really isn't..

EU has 10% imports and uses the import slots option to 30%.

NA has 36% imports and uses the import slots option to 90%.
NA seems surprisingly weaker, EU still weak bottom teams (sorry ROC)
The next Lissandra skin should be golden/yellow
Banana Lissandra
Bee Queen Lissandra. 
Pissandra.
Sooo.. Zhonya lissandra?
Victorious Lissandra
[Risen Lissandra](https://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/skin-champion-concepts/3KEpk7cm-risen-lissandra-concept-art) Maybe make it more gold oriented. 
>First of all yes you do know who Lissandra is.

Are you absoutely sure about that? 
ITT: pee
I always thought that her skins are the starter pokemon colours, classic: water, blade queen, grass, bloodstone: fire and yellow could be pikachu cuz why not.
Yellow Snow Lissandra? Well she won't get eaten at least
While they are at it, they could also change the lore to explain she attained this form in order to defeat Goku.... uhm I meant Ashe.
Golden Shower Lissandra
I'm having some Huntsman: Winters War vibe. Make her look like Charlize Theron as evil queen!!!

Eternal Lissandra

Everlasting Lissandra

Immortal Lissandra

Evil Queen Lissandra


Arc light liss would be amazing 
Elderwood lissandra, anybody?

[picture](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/51/f8/ec/51f8ec447478ecdbec403acf1d7a5893.jpg)
Wait a second - what exactly is butch about Lissandra? If anything she strikes me more as elegant/aristrocratic - like LeBlanc or Camille. Maybe I misunderstood.

But I am fully in favor of a new Lissandra Skin. Program was not my cup of tea and I've used Blade Queen too much.
So basically Banandra.
Eldercorn Lissandra

More Srs note: Maybe Thunder Queen Lissandra and give Quinn or Anivia an accompanying Thunderbird skin.
Mango Bingsu Lissandra
Guardian of the Sands Lissandra
Arclight Lissandra or something along the lines of gold/yellow-y would like nice. 
Finally, I can have my Yellow Diamond Lissandra cosplay
Lissandra Ahri
Warden lissandra ?
White and Gold Lissandra
Justicar Lissandra please.
YAAAAAAASSSSS LISSANDRA! YOU OWN EVERYTHING! HIGH FASHION FRELJORD!!!!

i totally agree.

Or bumble bee Lissandra. Same VO but high pitch. 

*Tiny voice* Entomb!

DJ Lissandra 
Yellow ice has the same origins as yellow snow...
Not sure if this has been put here yet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktPB5C_YBog
Yellow Diamond Lissandra from Su pls
How about some buffs or a rework to her shat of a passive first...
That and Ice Archer got a gold skin.
Is this a yellow snow joke?
Her skin should be like that dress, is it blue or is it gold? 
as much as arclight liss sounds like a good idea, one of which i and im sure many other people thought of before, i feel it'd be too lazy and just a recolour , dont get me wrong its a neat theme, but i'd love to see an original one, she definitely deserves an 1820 level skin, it would be dope, along with a mini rework on her passive etc
Nobody wants yellow snow lissandra...
really? Its easter egg Lissandra or what
Blight Crystal Lissandra when D:
Lemonsandra
Yellow snowdown liss

Honestly, I want to see a Lissandra skin that drastically changes her form. 
Egyptian Goddess Lissandra...Rito please consider?
Definitely not Lissandra
Yellow/Golden ice? Hmmm I don't know... ;);)
Don’t eat the yellow snow
Pissandra
Man.. how many years ago was it that I had a Lissandra in one of my games..?
Pissandra
Stop saying Pissandra >:(
How about Jhin getting a skin that isn't red/orange colored ?
As long as they confirm that she has cat ears under her helmet
> First of all yes you do know who Lissandra is.

You can't assume that I know who's everyone :(( 
Nah, Lissandra was made in RGB system. So she have skins Red/Green/Blue
Ded chemp
yeah I'm gonna say no on this one
IMT/DIG win ESPN “Biggest Disappointment” eSports award
Be aware they are talking about IMT/DIG not making it into 2018 LCS despite them being finalist and 4th respectively and them having large fanbases/financial support backing them already. Its less that IMT/DIG themselves got the award and more the situation involving them and Riot's decision for next years LCS was a disappointment for these 2 teams and everyone following them.
have they seen TSM at worlds
Throw in the spectacular and spicy (prove it or i'll kill you) demise of IMT's csgo team and they have had a fucking terrible year.
This is a pretty crappy title, they're talking about Dig/IMT not making LCS as a disappointment, not the orgs themselves (which is what the title implies).
TSM can't even win the disappointment award.
imo Faze going 0-3 at the major was a way bigger disappointment considering the circumstances. Faze was hyped up to be a finalist, being able to compete with SK and Astralis, but they ended up going 0-3, losing to the likes of flipsid3 and other teams that didn't even make playoffs. DIG and IMT were competing with sports teams, who obviously are going to be much wealthier and able to get a spot in the franchised LCS.
Did they misspell TSM?
The title makes it sound really bad oof 
And yet somehow Echo Fox and Flyquest are in.
"Pedigree of Success" yet when it came time to compete for being ship-shape for a franchise, they were a mess. You cannot expect Riot and all the other teams to carry your crappy financials on the back of your hopes that everything will stick together. Maybe they were a massive disappointment, but they have a majority share of that blame. 
For not qualifying for LCS franchising*
The title should have been "LCS rejects IMT/DIG" - This title sounds like something IMT/DIG did. 
Still bummed IMT didn’t make it into LCS
Well it is major bullshit on riots part yea
I can feel the rage of all the salty Immortals fans in this moment.
Everyone claiming TSM forgets that they have won the past 4 NALCS splits in a row. Yes I understand they did poorly at worlds, but guess what? Dig and IMT didn't even make it to worlds. 

People underplay TSM's accomplishments because they haven't done well at worlds since S4. That doesn't mean their domestic success is any less impressive.
lol, TSM Jokes across the board.
Prove it or...
Unrelated but Punk falling apart at EVO and not Capcom Cup as a choice is puzzling to me. As a rookie he went really far into Evo, to the point where they wrote his failure in the finals off to inexperience.

With more experience under his belt he was one of the favourites to win Capcom Cup, but got roflstomped and sent to losers bracket only to lose some more there and finish 9th.
Reading that title, I really hoped this was the return of Esports Express.
Savage article.
ESPN esports wins my biggest disappointment award
Feels bad
They got dumped cause they are hoping the NBA owners can bring the LCS to a new market.

The NBA owners can start marketing their LCS teams along with their NBA teams. Who knows if it will work but it's lots of free advertising for the LCS they would not get with teams like IMT and DIG
I think we all know that tsm was clearly the biggest disappointment as usual!
And we care what espn says because? 
Nice clickbait title. Its about them not getting into the LCS not about their results.
I've never purchased anything team related until IMT was rejected. They were my favorite team since their 2016 roster was announced. And with Noah talking about the longevity the org intended, to directly working with Riot, it was made all too clear that IMT was a really good org to have in the league, and was shoulder to shoulder with that of TSM, CLG, C9, and TL in importance to the league. But Riot decided to fucking lynch them because they also had involvement with creating the Overwatch league. Is something deeper going on here? Because I really don't think so. There is already word of a few people who have stakes of ownership with multiple teams, but Riot isn't burning them at the stake like they did Monte, so is their a metric fuckload of boiling going on under the surface that we don't know about or is Riot's esports division as corrupt and selfish as they've seemed lately?
TSM can't even win a loser award. Pathetic.
Nice
Hard to get players to improve when you pay them in mousemats. 
I feel good because IMT are the one that support franchising. screw you.
fuck espn btw
Can't fathom how TSM didn't win it.
Serious question, why aren't TSM getting this?
I was under the assumption that teams that did not make it into the LCS could not afford the spot/had something a bit suspicious in their books.
Have they seen TL 2k18? 
fuck riot and fuck the fans that support franchising
Tsm LUL 

Why kick IMT and DIG while they're down. Instead let's focus efforts on redirecting this onto everyone's favorite protagonist, TSM
Disgusting Orianna + Rengar 5 man Shockwave
I just love that combo because of how it forces the opposing mindsets of "gather up when Rengar ults" vs "spread out when near Orianna".
You even called it, beautiful
Is the ball invisible when it's on an invisible target or does the enemy team see a really fast ball moving sporadically towards them?
Id just ff after that
INSANE
HOLYX
Reported for sexual harassment.
First time ever I see that combo!
nice 
Ah yes, the classic ball delivery cat 
I am a bit of a stickler meeseeks but this is only a 4 man shockwave, Camile doesn't get pulled back into Frame and remains in the fog of war.
Reminds me of Faker’s 4000 Elo shockwave against KT
That was sexy!
Camille was not hit, only 4 man :o
Hot
God damn
ooohwee that was spicy
I love soloq for this shit
nice combo wombo :)
Noname 
Honored for shotcalling.
Been wondering is it possible to attach a ball to Noctourne as he is ultiing if you are fast enough or does he become untargetable?
Upvoted for not using "insane" in title
yeah no thats illegal
Love me some Orianna 
get the inhib the damn minion wave is right on top of u guys
That was hot!
Well played man, even though it isnt a 5man shockwave as you said it would be. 
Orianna is disgusting even without Rengar.
I thought from the title rengar did a 5 man Shoackwave
nothing incredible. I once did a malphite ult that initiated a yasuo 5 man ult, and was followed up by a wukong ult. That was nasty.

Yesterday also had a game where our Ziggs landed a ult bomb on 4 enemies, Zac used his ult to pick them all up closer to us, I malphite ult'd them + E and they were pretty dead
Who is the guy in all the summoner spells?
helmet bro has been here long before summoners arrived on the rift
The legendary helmet bro.
Our benevolent overlord Helmet Bro, said to be stronger than Darius, more cunning than Swain, with a will that dwarfs Garen and above all things he is gracious in his gifts to us lesser creatures. 

It is said that he grew tired of watching over us and made a pact with one mortal man to take up the mantle of unkillable demon king. That man, proud though wary of his newfound power, dubbed himself Faker and reminds us all why we live to serve his righteous glory. 
That's John
Helmet bro
I miss some of the old spells :/
Helmet bro, but I wish it was Doran. 
He is the legend of the league. 
# [ITS THE LEGENDARY JESSE PERRING!](http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Jesse_Perring)
Good ol' Karthus with revive time.
Imagine a game mode where he's the boss and can use any and all summoner spells without cd.
helmet bro should be a top/support

E would be a low-level locket
Obivously not Doublelift.
Helmet bro
I'm pretty sure Vel'Koz killed him
**It's Doran.**
He's you... The Summoner
Armor dude 
Prebeard Olaf
HELMBROOOOOOOOOO
Helmet bro
It's funny that Helmet bro loses his helmet on Promote
jerry west
jerry west
I don't know but I am calling him Fred.
Riot make this your next champion release and give him.... every summoner. 
I miss Surge. I used to get that + Ghost on Yi and have a mini ult pre-6.
I miss queuing 5-man with teleport revive and everyone chooses random champion (in summoners rift of course) it was so fun 
tyler1
But where is the beloved Barrier? Conveniently neglected?
I like to think it's Doran
Varus 
Oh hey Mark
zoe
I miss season 3
He's my secretive boyfriend.
I really miss Surge. 
Its Doran
That's a new champ that will be released next year. His abilities will be q = ignite W = heal E= ghost r= flash/and cleanse
Pretty sure that is, indeed, helmet guy.
I think he is someone who works on Riot, I'm not sure who exactly.
Exodia.
Obviously some Riot intern

It looks like a Runescape reference. /throwback 
Sure, still doesn't mean you used the word illiterate in any correct fashion though. 
Doran the owner of Doran’s shield and sword
Paging u/Papaya_Dreaming to make a story out of this guy
1907 Fenerbahce Frozen: “When I joined Turkey, I swore to myself that I will either win TCL or retire and join the army”
>I ran down to the reception, asked for Faker’s room key and went running to find Faker’s passport. It was nowhere to be found, though, and I was searching everywhere, until I got another call from H-Dragon – hey, it was in Faker’s pocket all this time.

I feel like Faker does these types of things often. 
> “BEFORE I CAME, TCL PLAYED LOL AS JUST A GAME – I STARTED TELLING MY TEAMMATES THAT IT’S WORK”

Best quote from the interview.
Hey guys, original poster here.

Recently I was asked to do live translation for [Frozen's AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/7dtdru/1907_fenerbah%C3%A7e_frozen_ama/), followed up by this interview. I wanted to ask Frozen's views on TCL and how LCK players including him could contribute to Turkey, especially given more Koreans are coming to TCL than ever. 

I expected it to be a 10 minutes convo but it became a full blown interview. Frozen was an intelligent person and a professional who had a lot to share about TCL, what role he saw "Koreans" playing in TCL and his views on "Gaming as a Job". My respect for Frozen and Korean players playing overseas in general went up after that convo.

*This was my first interview ever.* I'm just a Redditor who finds passion in getting to cover LCK stories. If you like or hate anything about the interview, tell me so I can go out to do the next one better.
This was a very good interview 
I am sure majority of Koreans who've just arrived TCL will be gone in a year and some of them wont even make it to summer split. Getting crushed by Fenerbahçe and Frozen will be the reason.
With all the Koreans in Turkey, TCL will be an interesting League to watch.
nineteenohsevenfenerbahce^frozen

And you thought you’d never see this name after worlds anyways
Anybody else come here mistaking TCL for TCS?
Looks like he's going to the military
Since you guys like "sponsored cakes", here is another one!
14? Hey, that 2 years more than average Yasuo player in my team.
mm cake
damnit Vitality, I lvoe ur account, but I was just about to go sporting and now all I can think about is cake D:
14... That's the amount of times I've nutted to Minitroupax photos this week.
i want too a cake for my birthday with Kikis face on it
What is that 14 stands for?
What does it taste like?
I wish i could make some LoL related cakes, but I got noone to eat em :/
THE CAKE IS A LIE!
Former G2 Player Emperor Joins Rox Tigers as a Coach
Can't wait for the " former GCU Player Madlife joins an LCK team as a coach ". 
"Former G2 player"

jesus christ have we already forgotten the golden age of korea
Wasn't Emperor that guy from that sick Vayne condemn to block an Ali combo in a pro game?  

edit: Found [the clip](https://youtu.be/Nt2IvqAJfiY?t=33m58s), it really wasn't as special as i remember it being but still pretty cool.
It should have been "former ad carry for CJ entus blaze"
Well I guess the title is not wrong 
Former lck rookie faker joins TSM as a translator
didnt emperor play in NA as well at some point? i think i remember him being on tdk? 

ok i know this is the same comment but i just checked and yeah he played on tdk, i guess it wasn't memorable enough for the article to list it, though
I'm happy for him. At least he still on the scene as a coach.
looks like iron sargent
This is the dude that replaced Cpt Jack. RIP Blaze
That's like saying "former Chelsea player" because he played as Chelsea in fifa once. Christ's sake
love his logo

- https://imgur.com/a/npdsy


Any more story behind this.
Isn't it time to change some champion titles?
Swain is 'the Master Tactician' and he kills you walking towards you.
Varus is still the arrow of retribution because he wants revenge on humanity for killing most of the darkin (...after the darkin invaded them).

iirc, there's no queen of freljord yet, as they're still fighting over the title or something like that. Even then, Ashe being queen does not mean she is no longer the frost archer.

As for MF, yeah, that needs to be changed...as does her base skin and voiceover. Still have no idea why they didn't make Captain her base...
ITT: Say Riot doesn't care about the lore even though they've been releasing more lore than ever
There's a lot of stuff that Riot should be doing to keep the game's lore up-to-date and consistent. Some champions still have quotes about summoners (ex: Miss Fortune, Nocturne, etc), and some champions have some pretty dull lore (ex: when they "updated" Soraka's lore, all they did was remove it without replacing it with something else).

Among all of those things, it would seem logical that updating champion titles would be the easiest and quickest. Got no idea why they put so much effort into Varus' updated lore if they forgot the easiest step.
Rito makes storylines and comics and all for Miss Fortune where she is serious and inspiring and all, but she is still the main hoe in the game after Evelynn, all she does in-game is hoe around, moan and annoy people, nothing serious about her.
They need to update volibears visuals before any of this, I wanna see my bear looking like a game of kerplunk
Out of the examples you gave, I think only Miss Fortune's could change (probably to something like "The *Pirate* Hunter"). Ashe is still actually a frost archer, regardless of her political status. Varus is *definitely* still an arrow/archer of retribution given the way he went after the Noxian soldiers and his grudge against humanity (it was all about vengeance). Diana is still a rather scornful Lunari warrior did viciously kill the heads of her former religious cult. And she still counts as a heretic, at least to the Solari.
Sion is "The Undead Juggernaut" but doesn't fall under riots classification of the juggernaut class.

Ashe is the queen of freljord according to only her and her ppl. Sejuani doesn’t follow ashe and also wants to be the queen of freljord.
At least Malphite doesn't need to change his title ''Shard of the Monolith'' cause he really doesn't do anything.
Wait sejuani is the only true queen of freiljord ashe can stay a meaningless frost archer
I wish Riot cared more about the lore in general. The lores feel way to short to actually understand who every champion is.
Well, they don't even update the website...
They dont give a flying fuck about Lore, never have, i was once naive thought the lore will go somewhere, but it never has, gets constantly retconned and little of it makes sense, give up, you are in only for more disappointment.
What's your point? It literally doesn't even do anything.
Riot hasn't cared about lore in ages. Just whatever fits.
Will Riot ever delete a champion?
I don't think so, deleting a champion would be giving up on them, and they'd rather rework a champion many times(like ryze) until they become viable.
Why would they delete it while they can rework it or let it as it is ? What could be a legit reason to delete a champ ?
One time they deleted Gangplank for a while, but they prob wont remove a champion
They deleted galio 

The rework is in name only, whole design is different
i highly doubt they ever will, at worst they will change the entire mechanic/kit of a character but they won't delete them.
They do by calling it rework :)
I dont think so. They would rather just rework. Plus if they did remove, they would have a lot of refunds for skins and things to give I would think?
they've done so plenty of times. they deleted sion and replaced him with a different champ with the same name
They deleted the newer kogmaw and reverted it back to the old one, besides from that it just tends to be reworks and workarounds
They do all the time, thats just what a VGU is basically. Deleting a problematic champion and simultaneously releasing a new one, with a somewhat similar kit, but more up to date
They would have by now if they were going to, cause man were there some abominations over the years.
If a champion is too much of a problem to handle they put it into the ground until they are reworked. 

cf: Azir.

So no they won't delete a champion.
No, but I'd bet somewhere in the far distant future Riot might give league the magic the gathering treatment and make ranked include a smaller champion pool while having casual formats include everyone.  Something like this will become necessary as it becomes more and more difficult to change one item without making 25 champions busted.

 But that point is probably at something like 250+ champions.
I think Jax was deleted for a while
I hope Yasuo and Rengar one day.That day cancer will be cured.
VLAAAAAAAAAAAD
I doubt it, reworks can always work with enough in-put and it would just drive off the players of that champion. New players would be like "LoL balance so bad, they're deleting their characters" and with how the community works, posts about "X was actually pretty good" would crop up.

Of course, if Vayne is the deleted one, only joy will ensue and the rest of my post doesn't count.
Wasn't there a bear champion that used to be in the game?
They deleted best Graves
They already delete rengar. At least for me
They already deleted old Graves.
They basically deleted Aatrox
If the rework is drastic enough the champion pretty much got deleted like Urgot. 
I think, Riot Games have regretted creating rengar but it was too late to delete the champion. 
Not sure
Of all champions, why Nunu? I still believe that nunu is a decent champion so long as it isnt picked by a troller. He has fast jungle clear, decent peel and the ability to chase down enemies. Building ap nunu could probably pull out a wombo combo as well.
Source: Nunu main
Probably not, Champions are variable and it's easily possible to rework them multiple times if it doesn't work out. Just look at Ryze, he has had multiple reworks, has been in and out of the meta. Nunu has also been in the meta once in a while. So I doubt he's gonna get deleted. Riot doesn't have a reason to delete him.  
  
On the other side, Maps and Summoner spells and items are difficuly to rework. For example, they Could've reworked Death Fire Grasp into Luden's Echo, which is basically what they did. But they changed the name so the legacy stays there. Also, Champions have people that main them or even one trick them. If for example Nunu would be deleted, a lot of people that play him a lot will get angry.  
Items are likely not mained. As I don't really see people rushing a certain item they like, on every single champion.  
  
Old maps and gamemodes were deleted because there weren't many people that play it, there would be very high Queue times.
Riot Tryndamere has said that Riot has had discussions about deleting champions in the past, and if they were to remove one, it would be Swain. I'll link once I'm off mobile
So weird!! I just thought of the exact same thing today.
Full reworks are pretty much that. Old champ is deleted and a new with the same name is added.
I suspect they are going to stop at 150 champions and then just do reworks after that.  There will be no need for deletions, as they will just completely remake any champion they don't like, just as they do now.
they deleted ap tristana 
Mord is arguably the one who could stand to be deleted. He’s just a pile of bugs. 
Didn't they already delete champions? I mean, look at Sion. The only two things that his original self and his rework have in common are the name and how their shield can kind of explode. And even the shield explosion is not that similar. 
They did it already. RIP Graves
That's pretty much what VGU's do. Just delete the champ and replace it with something with the same name.
Lorewise they deleted Varus he is nothing like what he used to be.
Riot is very stubborn and egotistical. Deleting a champ wild be like them admitting they did something wrong. Hence we have all the reworks (like ryze) for those champions. It's like them saying "we did this champ right! But we can make it better hehexd"
Maybe if we make a "delete zoe" meme they will kill that too and remove the rng cancer from the game. 
They have they're called reworks
Some day, the Yasuo rework will come

This will be a very happy day indeed
I used to think this but if they didn’t delete Yorick then I think they’ll never delete a champion. Only reworks. 
They do all the time they just call them complete reworks. Basically any rework where the only thing about the champion that is similar is the name, they effectively deleted the champion.

Off the top of my head, champions that they have effectively deleted and I'm sure I'll miss plenty. While I certainly have opinions on if  I think the rework was good or not, this list is just champions that got deleted, not if they are better or worse. These are just the ones I can easily recognize as in no way resembling their original form.

Galio

Sejuani

Talon

Soraka

Warwick


they did

poppy, galio, sion, yorick

they were entirely replaced 

Not saying the new kits are bad, but they effectively deleted the old versions of them especially with galio who has no original skills. 
no!
They deleted urgot, and made a new champ with his name
Marc Merrill talked about this a while ago, and what I got from it was him saying a full game VGU is more of less the same thing as deleting a champ and adding a new one... I mean let's be real here the full game VGUs change just about everything about the champ from lore to looks and you could just say it's a new champ all together, and I believe at the time he said Swain was the champ he and others didn't like in his place, because he didn't feel like he was healthy for the game and such anymore; and here we are getting the full VGU for Swain on its way to being released.
are you guys new here? rito deleted shaco like 4 seasons ago.... and replaced him with some garbage 1.5 sec stealth Q imposter
#NO
If they're broken or too weak, they'll probably just get a rework.
I think its time to vlad in the dirt. Riot has already admitted he was a mistake from what I heard or rather they just hated him
Stares intensely at Yasuo.

Jokes aside, likely not. League has a ton of players, and virtually every champion has a solid base that adores them. Even champion with seriously bad things, like Yas being aids to fight against, have great elements, Like Yasuo feeling extremely smooth and fun to play.
That's what reworks are
No, but they can nerf them to the ground and keep them that way until they have the time to rework him
I hope they remove Nunu and keep willomp. 
They didn't delete Vlad, even tho they said they would like to. I don't think they will ever remove a Champion
They deleted leblanc in my hearth :(
They dont need to delete champs. They can essentially remove champs through nerfs
Zoe pls.
Old Sion got deleted 
Short answer: no
Long answer: noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Teemo and Yasuo still exist.

Ryze still exists.

Vladimir; a champion Riot outright says they regret making; still exists.

Morello didn't delete Soraka despite hating her guts.

Worth noting a relaunch [Sion/Poppy/Karma/Galio level stuff] essentially deletes the old champion and replaces them.
It blows my mind that you people are so OK with riot doing a complete rework on certain champs it makes 0 sense to remove content from the game. There is no reason that old galio isn't in the game anymore. There will always be less popular champs
no because they won't admit they made mistakes.
they did it to talon and gp
[deleted]
They deleted LeBlanc.
They deleted my good ol AP Sion Mid. rip
I didn't play at this time but my friend told me about URF the Gatling gun manatee who was an Aprils fool champ I believe. He was a playable character who no longer is with us except in the form of URF Corki and some other places

Edit: http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Urf
Lists URF as a canceled champion
[What if Riot allowed everyone to have 2 bans?](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1061/1924/files/Thinking_Face_Emoji.png?9898922749706957214) 
hope they delete that wackass zoe asap
hope they delete fucking kennen
Understanding ID Bans
Did riot perma ID ban that creepy Taiwan ign guy which was int feeding. The one that created it have a creepy background and also a crap tons of account with every single ign having the word Taiwan. Can’t fully rmb the full ign. It was on reddit front page b4
Edit: wording

Anyone have a list of everyone who has been ID banned? (Sorry Riot)

I can guess Xj9, Jensen (Veigodx) and T1 but anyone else?

EDIT: apdo/dopa, thanks /u/kazuchan7 

DarkwinJax, thanks /u/Nex_Ultor 
so basically we will not know that tyler1 has been unbanned until he tells us
None of this is particularly new right? Seems to just be an official summary of stuff we've been told by Riot via Reddit and the boards 
So based on this: on a scale of 1 to Sanjuro finding out Tyler1 died of testicular cancer, how gucci are we?
It doesn't make any sense. Riot say that if you are ID banned they don't want you to play the game during the ban period but the only way to verify if you are reformed is by sending them the name of the accounts you used while you were banned.

Basically you have to do something that you are not allowed to do to prove you are reformed. Great!


now the question is

is it riot lowkey saying "free tyler1" or is it to prevent spam if he's not unbanned?
If I had to guess tarzaned is up next on their list
"A player makes a verifiable threat of harm against other players or Rioters.

boys you can ID ban 80% of the euw playerbase ;d
Hey guys... the reason this article popped up from nowhere is because Riot has ID banned me. Permanently.

For a long time I have been an advocate for a kind of romance that they don’t like. Male Yordle on Yordle love—namely, Kled & Teemo. Unable to handle such a real, passionate pairing, Riot Narrative banned me. That way they can continue to dress Yordles up in human disguises and make them fall in love with “girls.” This is not what the original writers intended at all. Yordles are lascivious creatures who survive night after night by finding somewhere to dispense their raw emotional energy. Some choose science, some choose bombs. Teemo chose Kled and Kled chose Teemo, you inconsiderate deaf jerks.

Goodbye, /r/leagueoflegends. One day the kind of romance I peddled will become acceptable to this company.
Nice now the only good NA player (XJ9) can finally get unbanned! 
who other than t1 has ever been ID banned? i dont know of any myself
So... ELI5: How does riot ban on sight these specific accounts? I ask this because there are millions of accounts across all the servers, it feels like finding a needle in a haystack. 

EDIT: Spelling
Tyler1 unbanned before Darkwinjax? 
#FREETYLER1
Read what it says again - I even put it in bold for you. Apdo is different in that he doesn’t fall into those two rules specifically, but those are “general” rules. Even if Apdo is in China, the Chinese Riot team will still ban him due to him being ID banned. It’s just a matter of whether or not they’re enforcing it or really care. Tyler can’t just go to Korea and play because Riot Games in NA banned him. Riot Games the company ID-banned him, and all other franchises (NA Riot, Korea Riot, etc.) all will carry out that sentence. 
> drastic step we take against players who've consistently chosen not to play to win

So all my teammates?
Does that mean that I will get ID banned if my flatmate gets ID banned?

How many times does one have to get perma banned to get ID banned?
"If a player receives an ID ban as a result of negative in-game behavior, it is possible, but far from guaranteed that the ban will be lifted in the future."

So still no hope of Dopa unban...
T1 unbenched.
This pretty much confirms T1 is unbanned. Why else would they make a post like this?
Unban him already, I really need his streams for the sake of my mental health.
I was hoping Tyler1 posted this
oh boy here come the sadists who will read this and start seeing ID ban as a form of status
Given that banning the accounts on sight seems to discourage the player from making new accounts, would "abstaining from playing League for years" count as being reformed, or do they have to circumvent the ban at some point to prove they've reformed?
Maybe I'm missing something but isn't playing while ID banned essentially breach of that ban, and evidence said player should remain banned? I'd think a 1-year hiatus is really the only means an ID-ban should legitimately considered, because they actually adhered to the terms issued to them.
What about if the player doesn't play for the year period? Then you have nothing to re-evaluate on and you are asking players to ignore your ban. This system while it seems the best they can come up with, definitely has inherent flaws.
Can someone explain how someone who used to ddos players was allowed back into the community and the competitive scene..?
Then why hasn’t Apdo been given the chance to have his ID ban lifted? 
So after a year you share all your accounts (which they hadn't discover) with Riot, and if they aren't satisfied, they can ban those too?
So I have a small question about this but aren’t there only a limited amount of IPs? I had a problem a website giving my IP a temporary ban because of racism comments     I never committed or anything so I asked the sights staff and it was someone else with the same IP that got banned and I just had to wait it out. 
Like how many times you can ban one person for the same thing? I never seen other companies doing that.
How are they able to find new accounts? Do they monitor activity from a certain MAC adress or install something in the local dir/client to let them know?
So while you’re ID banned, any accounts found to be owned and used by you will be banned on sight, but one of the processes to having your ID ban reversed is to tell them about the accounts you secretly made and played on while evading Riot Support so they can check out your behavior on them. I don’t know whether that’s hysterically funny, stupid, or beneficial. 
DOPAKU
So I'm a bit confused. Previously we heard that Tyler1 could/would be unbanned in January 2018, but in this post it says that ID banned players have to wait a year from their ban date, and T1 got banned in April 2017 unless I'm mistaken. So can he get unbanned in Jan or does he also have to wait til April?
If the player uses a VPN or plays at a pc bang / net cafe, there's no way to stop them from creating new accounts. Unless they are dumb enough to stream, Riot can't discover their new accounts. 

Apdo has been permabanned for elo boosting but he still plays. 
I just hope T1 gets an E-mail from Riot saying "you're Gucci to start playing again"
This request should include lists of any and all accounts the player has used while ID banned.

It's a trap
So you have to evade the ID ban to generate evidence of positive behavior to submit to your 1 year review? What if you simply abide by the terms of the ban and play on zero accounts, and **_THEN_** ask for your review for the ban to be lifted? How does that work? You have no evidence of reform (besides the fact you respected the ban).
> After a year has passed, the affected player should submit a player support request to ask for a re-evaluation of the ID ban. This request should include lists of any and all accounts the player has used while ID banned.

"I know I'm not allowed to play while ID banned, but can you look into getting this removed? Here's a list of all the accounts I've played while banned"

What?
How can someone submit for an reevaluation if they can't play?!
This entire post was to tell people why and how T1 is getting unbanned, calling it
SO TYLER! IS FREE NOW?????

So ID bans can ask after 1 year a 2nd chance, but a perma ban cant, whilst ID bans seems more harsh. hmm odd.
> After a year has passed, the affected player should submit a player support request to ask for a re-evaluation of the ID ban. This request should include lists of any and all accounts the player has used while ID banned.


Doesn't make sense when the purpose is to get perma banned. Should be after the 1 year appeal that the player would get access to a new account that can be manually monitored.
This account was compromised.
Was this made for Tyler1?
Tyler1 btw
>ID bans generally result after one of the following things happen:
    A player shows extreme aggression in chat and/or intentionally feeds across many permanently banned accounts.

But how can you get ID banned for inting when one rarely gets banned regularly for inting?     
  [](#face-hmm)    

>A player makes a verifiable threat of harm against other players or Rioters.


RIP Likkrit, because he threatened an entire region, Riot's gonna make sure he and his family get the [Nine Familial ID bans.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nine_familial_exterminations)      
[](#face-tear)
Someone wanna fill me in on why Jensen got perm banned ?
Can someone walk me through this:

* When they ID ban you, they regularly check if you made any accounts and ban them on sight, regardless of current behaviour
* They also encourage you to make other accounts and play while you're banned since it's a requirement for you to get unbanned


I feel like Riot just released this info so they can keep Tyler banned and they say "See, it's right there in black and white. It's always been there. Can't help you." even though they already teased him. The man has gone through more harassment from and because of Riot than he caused any of the people he played with. 
so if you have an ID ban, and you change your public IP, you can still play the game.
Big Brother Riot, taking one more step to promoting the snowflake era and making more money off of it.
Understanding your employee wished banned player death.
I just can't wait til t1 actually start streaming league again, season 8 baby.
\#**F**REE**T**YLER**O**NE
[deleted]
> After a year has passed, the affected player should submit a player support request to ask for a re-evaluation of the ID ban. This request should include lists of any and all accounts the player has used while ID banned.

So they tell ID banned players not to play the game but they have to continue playing the game while ID banned to be unbanned? It seems it would make more sense for someone who's ID banned to respect the wishes of Riot and take a year off of the game. I'm not saying that if they don't they should lose the opportunity to be unbanned and I know it's unlikely most high Elo players would ever actually take a year off, but I'd hope someone simply not playing the game for a year would still be considered for an unban when respecting Riot's wishes.
> ID bans generally result after one of the following things happen:
> 
> * A player shows extreme aggression in chat and/or intentionally feeds across many permanently banned accounts.
> 
> * A player makes a verifiable threat of harm against other players or Rioters.

Now I'm going to go ahead and call bullshit on this. I don't think I've played 5 games in a row since beta and *not* had someone make a threat of harm against a player. 

I see that they use the weasel word "verifiable", I wonder what stretched to the point of breaking definition Riot's using here.

I think 10% or more of EUW players would be ID banned if this was an actual reason that Riot enforced.
Please HWID ban hashinshin.
A player makes a verifiable threat of harm against other players or Rioters.
What could be included as "harm"?, physical, harming someones reputation maybe?, can someone get the ban for saying: *x region should just die* ?
Banning people from your game for shit talking what a fucking sad company you guys are
can some one help me understand how are riot gonna search player behavior on the account so that id banned is lifted if they're banned on sight?
Whats ID ban?
What if i change my mac/ip/etc...
Funny how people doesn't want shaco to be viable yet they play Twitch and one shot 5 people at once with R. 
How is a perma ban not serious enough? You literally have to start an entire account over and essentially choose between spending more money to acquire things you want quicker, or grind the game a lot more to get what you want?. Isn't this literally what riot wants? Players to spend more money and accumulate more time on their game? This sounds like a pretty stupid and flawed system..
Please don't say this is ramping up to them actually unbanning that fool.
Dont think hashinshin will last long with sucha behavior.

can u unban me?
Sure as hell didn't look like you email the player with Tyler =)
~~There is no one else that this applies to other than Tyler1.~~ Look at Riot trying to soften the shitstorm that is bound to happen when Tyler gets unbanned lol.
Say something against Riot and you can get ID banned. 
Smells like dictatorship. 
How to play league in SEA/GPL
As someone who has lived there and has played on garena, I can confirm that it’s absolute garbage. The thing that hurt me the most was that I couldn’t transfer my 3 year old garena account with a lot of champs and skins to EUW when I moved. Also reports have no impact so the server is as toxic as OP described. 
Any chance Riot may take ownership of the region sometime?
I played in GPL Vietnamese, here's a tips for playing ranked

Ban Lee Sin and Nidalee or pick em', enemy jungler will have no fucking idea how to jungle
Don't forget the ridiculous 70% play rate on Yasuo and 40% play rate on Master Yi/Vayne/Zed.
As someone who played in Malaysia/Singapore server for the past 6 years, yes its the worst server

I've done enough rant on garena but fuck yeah; wheres the racism speech as well 
> There you have it, a quick and dirty guide to playing league in **the Philippines**, the worst server in the entire world.

FTFY
Any other Garena servers aren't better I believe, but what pisses me most is the fucking isolation of this server. I'm studying abroad in Oce and I have to endure the constant 300 ping when using Vpn to play with my home friends. Afaik Riot's servers are free to transfer between. Not to mention the corruption of the whole system (report, skin prices,..). Garena is a cancer that need eliminating, seriously.
Lol u probably haven't played on the philippines server yet. Our server's a shithole
I lived 5 years in Singapore and always thought it was odd how toxic Singaporean kids were in league, considering how submissive and adhered to the rules they are in real life... felt like none of them was allowed to have a personality or be different.


Maybe a sign of how repressed they are compared to kids in most countries.


Either way, I'm glad I don't have to play in that server anymore.
I guess the bard that built ie and runaans in my last ranked game was from SEA.
Sounds like OCE tbh.
PH most toxic server
Philippine Server is by far THE WORST when it comes to toxicity. Proven and tested in Dota 2 and CS:GO. 
As a Vietnamese player, i found this very similar to my server as well. There's is so many toxic players, especially kids. They just pick Lee Sin  or a random champion and feed their ass off and spamming that mastery 4 emote and said they like it. Sometime when you are coming to your lane, they just ran out and die while trying kill the lv9 MF who builds lethality with a fucking machete with 4 cs at 7mins.
Is everything okay?
Actually, I kinda enjoy how much they are confused when converting into gamerspeak. 
League on SEA and SEA dota, actually which one is worse? I'm just curious.
Can confirm, I play on the Singapore server.
>level 4 ten man bot lane mosh pit

I didn't realize I was playing on SEA...
BAN TEEMO
In low-tier vietnamese rank, thay can use Teemo for every fucking lane
The way you describe Garena doesn't sound that different from EUW to me.
Can confirm. That server also has like no new players ? I just had to make an account there recently (internet problems), and I've met like 5-6 max genuine noobs. Rest are all toxic af bronze smurfs.
As a jungle main on the garena SG/MY server, I just mute all when someone starts to bitch but not gonna lie, I would flash my emote to piss people who spam ping me after I mute them
Suddenly the Vietnamese server doesn't seem half as bad anymore. 
I lived in PH back in seasons 3-5. I only speak English. Everyone thought I was Korean since Koreans go there to learn English. Die Korean Die and Go back to Korea was pretty common. 


Their solo Q was the most obnoxious crap I have ever had to deal with. I got up to Diamond 3. 


Their competitive play was some of the most fun I have ever had to deal with. Since 95% of tournaments are local you had to be on a local team. So you became really close with the players on your team. You stuck with the same teammates for as long as possible which for me was nearly 2 years. So we grew so much as players and even beat Mineski after worlds in the national tournament they held each month. It was fun playing against the GPL Pro teams (before the Philippines had their own league). 

The number 1 player on the server in solo Q was a brand mid one trick if that tells you anything.
And NA lost to this server. lmao 
I wish there was a French server. Toxicity as its finest.
I really hope Riot to take over the right back from Garena.
not a sea/gpl player, but that thread is gold
lol I am from philippines and I can relate. most regions that are in lcs have kinda only one way to play the game...and that is the typical TRY TO PLAY SAFE of playing. While we are actually play differently apart from other regions and we make normals and ranks look like all star events. 
Quality
CS:GO/League player here, am glad voice chat isn't in league, would be such a shitshow.
NEGARAKUUU
>Remember to ward for the level 4 ten man bot lane mosh pit.  
  
LMAO thanks for making my day
That's why I play on TW Garena
How to REALLY play league in Garena: just go Yasuo. No matter what role you’ve chosen. 


Just Yasuo. 
Also, some of the champions you will see in every single game are Yasuo, Katarina, and Riven. These guys have no sense of reasoning whatsoever and will blame anyone for losing.
I actually got M7 playing Syndra support...
I know people who are living at that area and they basically can confirm what everyone is saying in the comments. They are toxic as hell, a lot of them seems to be lil kids and most of them are yasuo/riven/zed mains...
Is this suppose to be a shitpost or a rant, because it isnt funny or remotely accurate one bit. Yeah you meet shitheads ever so often but I believe this applies to all servers in general. How would you even know? Have you ever experience playing in the NA server before? The only 1 complaint I have with garena servers is their shitty customer support, the rest is fine. Therefore I don't think its justified to call it the worst server in the entire world.
Based on OP’s history, he seems like one of those toxic people on Garena sever.
That server is too toxic. No banning for racism even. A player only gets perma while using scripts. 

I hope Riot takes over. Right now my friends and I are considering playing on Chinese server. 
Garena SG player here, can confirm OP's portrayal is accurate. A huge percentage of the SEA playerbase loves playing edgy champions like Vayne, Riven, Zed, Kayn and Yasuo. Although in all honesty Yasuo is somewhat of a different case. Yasuo is not just a champion you main here... it's a cult, a religion, a way of life.
The standard teamcomp that you should get used to playing with/against here is something like: Yasuo,Master yi/Lee sin, Zed , Vayne and Sona/pls switch with me I don't wanna support/autofill here I'll just play my main xd/dodge because no one wants to fucking play support. You can also expect racism since apparently being Malay is considered an insult, which is quite saddening. Overall 10/10 gaming experience would recommend 


I have played in this server for 6 years for pretty much everyday but i don't find it that toxic o.O
What you said was true for Diamond 5 and below.
That’s why you switch server and download the korean client.. SEA C1 Rank 50+ = hardstuck KR D2. And the cutoff point for Challenger in SEA was 0 LP at one point. I don’t ever regret changing server, 90 ms is surprisingly bearable even though the one digit ping was a big plus.
[deleted]
You ok bro? Nothing you said was relevant.
Froggen - An Update for 2018 (ACTUAL LEAKED FOOTAGE)
[help](https://i.imgur.com/K59iOvi.png)
This is what he gets for [hacking the EUW server with ham](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBaTzBjp-gw) all those years ago.
And don't forget to put a random smile on your face at the end of the announcement so people believe you re fine
[monkS] (https://i.imgur.com/hbtGXfJ.png)
Wait, Im on my phone and at work, can't rise the volume too much and I barely understand him. Can anyone give some context to what is he trying to say?
The best thing about this video is the other videos related to it.
Dude its 5 AM here I cant be screaming laughing so loud. 
OMEGAmonkaS
i saw him blink AT LEAST once, its a sign, that gun is real...
Ćao Emrah. 
Wait this is actually excellent editing! Gj
LMFAO.

Btw wtf does he say he's gonna sign with help him with his career decisions?? He chokes and I can't understand what he says. 
HAHAHAH ( the famous gun )
best update ever
Well played ! :)
[Fanart] Happy New Year from Lulu and Veigar!
This pleases me greatly.
oh my lord that is adorable
The look on Veigar's face tells me that Pix is going to become a stack any second.
Ahhh! I love it, especially since you added color this time. Thank you for posting this! Also don't worry, I'm with you on the Lulu and Veigar boat. 
Gotta admit, these drawings are some of the best I've seen involving these two. Hope to see more in 2018.
Holy shit wow that's cute 
It’s art like this that made me buy my first drawing tablet earlier today. I suck at drawing and will be struggling to even make decent circles for the first few months, but I hope with enough hard work I can make something like this in a few decades 
Yes please.

more


moRE
You're back! Your art is too darn cute.
You are the only light remaining in this subreddit. Keep up the good work!
I love your artworks, keep it up <3
As someone who has enjoyed Lulu as a champion since I started playing any games with her, I have to say I like the art quite a bit! 

Also the Lulu Veigar ship is a great one ^_^

Keep up the great work!
I love these pairings so much! It's so perfect! 

Lulu x Veigar is my favorite pairing and ship in all of League! Please keep drawing xx
This is awesome. Now I want to go play Veigar :O!
Still kinda wish that Riot would make Veigar and Lulu a thing when they do a Yordle update, but I feel defeated when I remember they try to avoid fan suggestions.
Lulu is looking cuter than usual in this one. Good job!
ooh nice one
Day made :)
If you print this out I **will** buy it
Heh, its always cute. And its kinda funny to see how your art evolved pretty darn fast.

Can i request a drawing with lulu in a leopard onesie and veigar in a black panther onesie? Like gnars skin
Lulu main here. I award my [seal of approval](https://i.imgur.com/cbO92lI.gif) for this fanart. Good job!

^^now ^^i ^^will ^^steal ^^your ^^art ^^and [^^add ^^it ^^to ^^my ^^collection](https://i.imgur.com/YIJTXD6.png)
How can something be this cute?

Lulu x Veigar is the best ship of all time.Seriously.
Do you do commissions? :O 
I love you! I hate Lulu but your drawings make me like her
You`re so good with these two wtf xD
brings me a smile, very cute
Ayy let's go
Every time I see "Lulu and Veigar" on the front page, I instantly know who it is and what to expect, and it makes me smile! Keep it up!
You have such a lovely & adorable art style!
i ship it.
Lulu and Veigar are adorable together and you do such a great job drawing them <3
Yo, you should make some kind of social media where we can follow you.  I've seen a couple of your threads before, and I've liked everything you've posted!
We need some sails on this ship!
Yessssss, more lulu and veigar content. You the best!
Thank you very much. I needed this post. My girlfriend and I are very big fans of Lulu x Veigar  <3
I love your art style! It's so unique, sleek, and polished! 
 I never expected that adding color would make your art so much better. Keep up the good work.
YESS THESE TWO ARE MY FAV PAIR AND I COULDNT FIND GOOD FANART OF THEM ANYWHERE SO TYSM FOR MAKING THIS
I feel like I’m going to die from cuteness overload 

Every time I look at it I keep looking at it (well I guess that’s normal)
We need to protect this Lulu!
Thats beautiful 
dang looks good
so  cute!
Wow, i didn't expect this to be your final form!
Their faces are soo cute :3 Good job!
Wow this is really cute and great! I love all of your works. I hope we can see another one!
I love your commitment to your ship 

personally I'm a nunnie shipper, ice and fire

looking forward to seeing what you come up with in coming year, if you ever get bored of doodling lulu with veigar (impossible) I would love to see a picture of lulu mumu and nunu (they alphabet neighbors) 
Oh lord!!! A-A-Are you s-single? I-It's not like I want to know or anything!!!!!
I love it!! You're skilled
you have deviantart? (= love your style and all your drawings are so beutiful ;D
i love the color of lulu's hair!!!
wow that is amazing art nice job!
I know how much you love Lulu and Veig, how do you think she'd react to seeing his ears in his newest skin? 
You are wonderful! I love it!
I Would like to say "cute" but I can't...
..
The only thing I can I say is "KAWAII \(^.^)/"

Insta-like.
[Me everytime I see your artwork](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLMC0d7Szok). Beautiful as always! :D
oOF the colours are too good
I love seeing your art <3
This is adorable! Do you have an art page? I want to see more!! 
Love it! 
As star guardian Lulu being one of my favorite skins (and Lulu one of my favorite champs) this cuteness is making me smile too much
3/10, no shy girlfriend 
Is it possible to draw a chibi Yasuo for my DP?
Why so early? It;s not new years yet buddy.
R they drunk, it's 28th
Omg it's the one and only art god

Will you ever attempt to make a series or atleast a short comic about these two? I'll sacrifice my Lulu skin, Veigar skins, my right pinky oh fuck that just MAKE IT THIS IS SO PERFECT ITS SO PURE 
I love you.
Actually I love Veigar, but you seem nice too.
Veigar.
VEIGAR
Froggen - An Update for 2018
Froggen looks and sounds so tense, blink twice if you are being held hostage Froggen
I appreciate the more professional, scripted attempt at announcing this, but it just feels like he's recording it while a guy off screen is pointing a gun at his head.
The smile in the end creeped me out so much idk why 
He's taking a break and he's not retiring.

Thank God !

Fucking hell that stare penetrated my soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC18DJNGX1s It reminds me of this video. 
This would have been great as a written statement on social media but ended up being a pretty uncomfortable video announcement.
Sorry I couldn't catch what agency he's joining... Anyone have an idea of what he said near 0:45, I keep hearing **Predator Sex Agency**!?!
Blink twice if you need help.
when it's so professional that it becomes unprofessional
Tldw: Froggen is taking a brake not retiring.
At the end he popped a smile that said someone has a gun against my head
This video is either scripted or he really needs to take a dump, that would also explain the smile at the end.
It seemed like he was looking right at ~~the script~~ me!
Keith so bad froggen doesn't want to play competitive confirmed
what a nice guy
The anivia kid has laid it's egg
Why y'all gotta be like "Appreciate the professional approach, BUT..."? Give the guy a break, I think this is a nice and well-done short update on his plans.
I like him and I hope he returns strong but this break type thingy can finish him off as proffesional player imo. He wont scrim at highest level, just some solo queu and he will fall out of relevance. After releasing top teams dont want to sign him (and why would they sign someone that is taking a break and even before break was questioned a lot), he might try to go to any lower tier team but it wont work cuz like I said its lower tier team and froggen just wont be able to lift team.

He is my fav player that was playing in NA last season but I am really afraid that it might be it to his competitive career :(
Is he waiting for the next EU LCS season? :thinking:
Same production team as the M5 apology way back when...
I hate detracting from what he said...but this video is so awkward lol. Any sort of editing would have improved it so much. Just put some fucking light music or something...shit.
cringe for days
What an actor.
When did Dobby dye his hair Blonde?
He's so tense because he's reading a script
Im pretty sure Echo fox and teams like Golden Guardians, Flyquest and even Optic reached out to him, but he really wants to be on a competitive team that has a chance of making worlds. Great move by him.
He'd be an upgrade over at least Ryu, Fenix and PoE, but I guess nobody knew EF was getting rid of him so he didn't get offers.
Lmao this is so bad.
Can't tell if no one wants him or he just wants more money streaming.
Froggen is the KING of awkwardness. 
He looks so tense. If you are being held hostage play 3 games of fiddlesticks. 
We can only say thank you for updating us. Good luck Froggen!
good luck froggen. eu misses you. hope u get a team soon. best wishes
Well ~~read~~ said
100T summer split froggen And Levi starters, you heard it here first
While the video is kinda short, I do really appreciate the concise nature of it. 
damn, that was so robotic and weird
My friend met him in a bar recently
froggen unsleashing his madness again

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3urOnyVtOkY
go team up with Forg1ven. you guys could make a good ass team and basically anyone will take you both because its nearly a definite upgrade.
So is this doublelift or?
Makes me wonder what offers he got.

Mainly because almost every roster has an acceptable/decent team to play for. Honestly, every team was acceptable to join. 
lol at 0:35 hes trying to tell us something! 
TL;DW?
Does anyone know when he will be considered domestic???? and if he doesn't play does that still add on to his time???? cause if not he should really just play an academy team
gl to froggen and lcs
good, take a break, & relax
A bit more blurry and you got proper danish.  


Is that Marina Joyce?!? Blink twice if you are being held hostage by the CIA
Good idea. Now that relegations are gone, the King of Relegations no longer as a stage to crush poor overmatched challenger mids or Goldenglue at the end of splits.
Whoever recorded this did a terrible job, they didn't get the guy holding the gun in the picture. 
How about Froggen recent?
If froggen truly is committed to being on a team with better aspirations for success then I applaud him. He hasn't made the playoffs in NA or EU for 3 years! If he can find the right team I am looking forward to see if he is motivated.
My take on his situation is that he has never had the opportunity to prove himself on a decent team in North America, because he's always been on bottom tier teams. So none of the top orgs want to take the risk of bringing him on, especially since many of them already have strong reliable mid laners, but Froggen is not willing to settle for a bottom tier team either. This leaves him in an unfortunate purgatory of not being in high demand for top teams, and having too high standards for bottom teams.
TL:DW
sounds really scripted kinda sounded weird think he's being held hostage for his eggs
It looks like speaking is actually painful/difficult for this guy. The pauses in between his speaking seemed like it was to prepare himself from what he's about to say, and recouperate from what he just said.
Hope he comes back to EU, but really the only thing I want is for him to be surrounded by equally good teammates. Froggen will never shine if he has to worry about carrying his teammates somehow.
Hello there....*loud swallowing*....my name is Froggen
the fuck did i just watch
Damn. Him as the passive but really good mid, combined with the agressive top Lane Carey in Huni. I think it would have worked really well together. Oh well. RIP dreams.
Why is he not on Fox?
Always thought froggen had some issues
ugh
He wasn't reading a script at all 
[removed]
Doublelift 2.0
Wherever you go, i'll will be there supporting such team
yeah mate, a twitlonger would have served just right
For a sub full of awkward nerds who watch other awkward nerds play video games as a sport, y'all sure are judgmental of their awkwardness.
I feel sexually assaulted after that ending smile...
Cringe compilation. This would look much better in writing than making a video out of it lol
Jesus, Froggen has zero charisma lol
[removed]
[deleted]
Never been a fan of Froggen. Comes off extremely toxic and smug in Solo Q. Not necessarily with texting, but with his choice of words.
Very excited and happy about the news he's not retiring
thank god it's just a break and not a retirement. I looking forward to see froggen on a decent team atleast top 3-4 teams and he will shine
So glad he's not retiring, Froggen's always been one of my favorite players. Hope to see him back better than ever next year :D
Echo Fox puts together its best roster to date...Froggen announces hes looking for the right opportunity and wants to win...Leaves Echo Fox after they pick up Dardoch Huni Altec and Adrian... This is either the biggest Kappa in NA or hes doublelifting the spring split for stream money and replacing fenix during summer.
I dig the professionalism. Surprised so many people confuse professionalism with "forced to do this" and such.
#saveFroggem
Awesome. Best of luck!
Froggen will most likely be back on a very good roster. It seems he didn't get his wish on how the roster was created this split, so he's rather keep his dignity and not go down with the ship.
Jesus, he was so nervous, haha. Glad he's not retiring.
He's an older pro, and I know that means he's not really very old at all, but he plays like it. Super vanilla, easier to predict, really high floor/mediocre ceiling. This might as well be a retirement video. If he didn't do it voluntarily (or perhaps not so much) he would have aged out before long. At this point he wouldn't add much to most decent teams and he'd subtract from just about any contending teams in the major regions. 

That said, I've always liked the guy. He's also got that coach vibe so maybe there'll be a second career in the works for him at some point. Here's hoping.
Guys, don't be delusional. This is effectively a retirement announcement.
Wow this game is actually dying pretty fast in the West... it's such a sad sight to see. Old videos that hit #1 on this subreddit got around 400-500k viewers in 15 hours, this barely even hit 50k. 
He's very consistent but he should really be playing adc or something. Minimal impact in most of his games.
URF Janna Alley-oop
Syndra uninstalled out of tilt while Janna uninstalled knowing she would never accomplish anything greater.

This is the "people leaving League" URF-talk you've all heard about. 
This is /r/Janna best of all time material. Nice play. <3
Why did Syndra walk back into it...?
Why in the world the tornado is so slow .-.
Hey that's pretty good.
Wowie
How has nidalee mid been working out for ya in preseason?
I was expecting the darius in that game to dunk Syndra but i wasn't disapointed 
Alley-oop, except you missed and she just walked into it ._.
Janna is too op in urf
And who says Janna's skill ceiling is non-existent?
Syndra walked back into it. Would have been sweet though. 
hey
I think [she is fine in URF (full AP + Magic Pen)](https://imgur.com/a/MBJOq) 
lmfao
Wtf
200IQ Smoothie and Licorice Plays
Who needs a jungler when you have a smoothie
That's actually pretty sick.
[YouTube mirror](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCREedjYiNU)
***
boop beep.

I got an upgrade! I'm now 1000% faster downloading, 20% faster uploading, 70% faster processing and probably giving 20% more bugs! YAYYYY
Double support plays. 
This made something grow in my pants.
Its that Canadian synergy. 
The 2017 revamp of Blitzstar duo bot
That's that intuitive synergy. Awesome to watch!
smoothie really glowed up
Doing it on tfblade too, damn
I saw that live, it was hilarious. In the second one Blitz casts the hook before Tahm does the spit; I'm surprised that even works.
Perfectly matches https://youtu.be/WKOJAD46XVU
sick plays but i wouldn't consider it 200IQ... more like great synergy and teamwork..
can't you just say 'this is a good play' i feel like the whole 200iq thing is a really played out meme
Still got smashed by the Akali (Tfblade) that game. xD
Pretty nice synergy, although considering people are able to buffer Trist W / Ez E when a Blitz casts hook towards them, I assume it's pretty doable to release W as a reaction to an allies' Blitz hook, too, rather than having to anticipate it.
Any updates on appear offline?
Something i read a few days ago:

Type that into your command terminal to block it from connecting the chat to the game. 

>	netsh advfirewall firewall add rule name=“offlinechat” dir=out remoteip=192.64.174.69 protocol=TCP action=block

To unblock it just enter 

>netsh advfirewall firewall delete rule name="offlinechat"

This will allow you to connect to the chat again. You can save each one as a .bat file on your desktop so you won’t have to type it each time and instead it’ll just run when you click it. This will only work if you have administrative privileges and have fire wall enabled. A lot of boosters use this to appear offline when boosting. Last time I checked it won’t get you banned but check with riot support to confirm.
2 years ago... a dark age where riot didn't give a damn about the feedback they got nor gave the players what was promised. so I guess there is another promise lying dead in a grave. R. I. P. 
I removed all my friends.
There is a way to appear offline - by typing some things into the command prompt but I don't exactly know what to type in (you can find it if you search for it im sure)

Riot will probably implement it soon - the amount of requests is on the rise (I guess people cant ask for replays or sandbox anymore lol)
Bill was right
There are lots of ways to play offline, I use [this one](https://github.com/molenzwiebel/Deceive) and it seems to work pretty good, basically it opens another lol client and after logging in you can choose if being mobile or offline in the windows notifications bar.
Appearing offline would help players in the higher elo (D2+) from getting target banned. I suggest appearing offline should also make your name show blank in champ select too so notable streamers won't have their teammates banned out. Players usually add other players into their friend's list and watch if they queue at the same time and when the queue pops, they predict if they should ban that player's champ or not.
The technology isn't there yet.
[even back then](https://i.imgur.com/QRcFSiK.png) cactopus was a god 
EU LCS Power Rankings Poll
It's hard to rank some of them because I have never even heard the name

Tbh Smittyj is underrated as fuck, no chance that he's the worst top laner in that group. His problem was never skill (if you watched Giants from Summer 2016 you probably remember that he was pretty good), but his tilting and the fact that he's toxic af. Hope he gets his shit together, he's good enough to be a decent LCS top laner if he fixes his attitude.
Looking at the midlane pool compared to last summer is just depressing. On a positive note I’m glad hjarnan and kasing are back and in good teams.
People forgot Kold is Trashy or what? Not a superstar or some extremely talented jungler but I'd probably put him even over Xerxe 
I Think i agree with almost everything except Hyliassing at the top of Supports which doesn't make sense to me ... Also Caedrel and Minitroupex are underrated ...


In the Teams ranking i feel like besides Fnatic being above G2 which arguable both sides .... I Will Switch Roccat and H2K in places ...
Most of the rankings are very reasonable from my perspective, apart from support and team rankings at least.

ADC and Top look super stacked, Mid lane looks good but still weaker than last split on paper. I don't think teams gave Mid lane rookies enough chances, instead they recycle old mediocre to bad players yet again. 

Also, damn. Support is looking so much weaker than last split.
looking at the team pool, it looks like a popularity contest instead of actual though.
Looks like ppl are voting for their favourite players, not the best. Look, players with the most votes in this pool had the most voted for AlllStars.

Edit: I agreee thet Rekless, Jankos or Perkz might be the best aswell but that Caps or Hylli?
While Toplane is nearly even all other roles have more or less a clear number one. Got the same feeling while sorting them, rly hard to decide between csacsi/Odo/soaz.

Wadid and Exileh are imo underrated btw ;)
I would rather have a poll where I choose top 2~3 in each role instead of ranking them all because I don't know about half of them.
kasing is not better than vander
[i feel like i have to remind reddit what happened last time when they underestimated kasing](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/2vbtuc/welcome_kasing_to_h2k/)

edit: word
Interesting to see H2K ranked 7th as a team but their players are 10/8/9/10/10, by far the worst. 
Well I think a lot of people will get surpised by Minitroupax... Ranking a top 4 adc in EU as 7 wow
Just realize except HeaQ, ADC list next split is stacked af.
Has someone made an NA version of this? Would be cool to see because more people probably know more about that scene. 
i wanna see gilius again in lcs
Team Vitality in 7th with Roccat in 10th? Wow, really dont agree with that. Would probably swap the two.
Can someone make this for NA LCS? 
People really do have a lot of faith in Fnatic. I think that faith will not be rewarded. Blanc is also not getting enough credit. Minitroupax might also be unknown, but he did outperform Upset in the challenger series. 
Who else is just waiting for sertus to be old enough to finally Play?
Trying to arrange the supports made me realize how weak EU support pool is lol
how is jankos above Maxlore???? is it just polish people
I feel like the poll is heavily skewed towards old favorites and doesn't give credit to some of the new blood coming in. 

Soaz #2 top laner? Really?
Kind of funny how if you take the average individual placements of each player on each team the team standings change from the ''best team'' table.
Teams ranked by average position of it's five players

1: Fnatic: 1,8
2: Misfits: 2,2
3: G2: 3
4: Splyce: 4
5: Schalke 04: 4,8
6: UOL: 6,8
7: Vitality: 7
8: Giants: 8
9: Roccat: 8,2
10: H2K: 9,2 
People over rating G2 and FNC and sleeping on Schalke and MSF. Schalke have a strong roster with Krepo, and MSF dumpstered an almost identical Fnatic squad in playoffs, and that was down to Hans Sama and Maxlore, not PoE or Ignar cheese

G2 have also lost Young buck right? So much has changed I can't see them being predicted top 2 just because they kept Perkz. 
People voting for Soaz as the best toplaner are dumb af.
Samux and Upset above Minitroupax. I think I just puked.
[deleted]
Vizicsacsi should be Número 1.
There are some new faces that are hard to rank, but results are mostly 1 spot range where I put them like Csachi and Odo or Xerxe and Broxah swapping places. 

Largest changes are

* Steelback is higher for me (5th)

* Hylissang is lower for me (4th)

* G2 is lower for me (4th)

* SPY is higher for me (2nd)

Overall team rankings for me were

1. FNC

2. SPY

3. MSF

4. G2

5. S04

6. UOL

7. GIA

8. VIT

9. ROC

10. H2K

Lol upset under samux what a joke
All fnatic members top three, three are top one
Jinx Q sound on new skin is switched, and its really anoying.
I've been having this issue every game as her too, I thought I was the only one
Oh I thought I was just crazy
what is not annying about the jinx skins? any time i'm playing vs the star guardian jinx im muting the sounds effects
played the skin for about 7 games or so and it was all fine. proably just a anoying glitch but they should denflitly fix it

And some people like it
2017 ESPN Esports Awards - Moment of the Year
I feel like this is almost a "duh" moment for anyone who understands LoL, but even outside of that, the picture itself clearly shows why this moment won.

So rarely can a loser steal a moment so serenely but Faker sitting there was just the epitome of the weight he felt on his shoulders and he had to bear. 
Rightfully deserved tbh.  This is about a guy and a team that has never lost the world championship losing his first world championship.  Everything else on this list is upsets too (plup, tokido, etc) but this upset was the biggest.
The way Samsung Galaxy dissected both Longzhu Gaming and SK Telecom T1 in the World Championship was pure art. 

It felt like the big brother was holding the younger brothers, who were kicking and screaming, at an arms length at all times. Beautiful stuff, really. 
Coup de Grace is taken 100% of the time.
I take Cut Down if they have a lot of health stackers (3+).
I think Karthus likes Last Stand, but he's like the only one.
One thing that a lot of people are forgetting to mention is that Coup de Grace grants bonus AD/AP for a significant amount of time after a takedown. This seems like extraneous power that could probably be removed without changing the identity of the rune.
The problem is coup de grace is good in like 98% of situations. The other 2% of the time the other 2 are better. Numerically I think the values are fine across all 3 but why take a rune that rewards you with additional damage if you are low or if they are tanky when you can just do more damage when they are low.

Think about it. If they are low, you want to do more damage to kill them almost **all** the time. Whereas only on specific champions in specific situations do you want to do more damage to them when you yourself go lower on hp (last stand) or do more damage to them because they are tanky (cut down).

Tryndamere is probably the only one I imagine benefits well from last stand. When he pops ult and is at 1 hp, he's getting the maximum damage bonus from last stand, which is higher than the 9% you get from coup de grace. As for cut down, you only really want this when you're facing multiple tanks and you know you have to play the fight front to back. In solo queue this almost never happens, but in competitive I think some adcs will opt for cut down if they can survive the lane phase without needing coup de grace.
I take last stand on Olaf but I don’t think it’s good on too many other champs. Maybe Vayne or someone. Agreed it needs buffs though most likely
I take Last Stand on a regular basis as Illaoi. You can get up to 5K damage vs a heavy front line team when you are doing the 1v4 thing. 
I like taking Cut Down when against megatanks ;_;

Coup de Grace is only useful when you hit someone below a threshold and is not active until then, but if you're against a lot of tanks then Cut Down is *always* active so it can be quite useful. It's definitely a lot stronger on physical damage dealers though since they can pair it with Giant Slayer
I take last stand on a lot of champions such as jax, yasuo, riven..


Last stand is pretty awful, but there are some occasions to taking Cut down. I don't grab that tier too often though if it is secondary. Triumph and Bloodline feel awesome.
... just like with the old system, the other options are SHIT.
last stand is good option for some top laners and junglers, the real problem is Cut Down, i would never pick that. and i never seen anyone pick it either
Personally, I don't think CdG is the problem, and I was honestly against Riot nerfing its damage (by 1%, seriously? What's that going to do beside let someone escape with 1 hp, but they would've still escaped if I had any of the other runes in CdG's tier?). The problem is on other runes:

Coup de Grace grants AD/DP on Takedowns, which is reasonable. What is not reasonable is that the other runes in the tier don't have any added effects, while not being far superior to CdG even if you take away the stats on Takedowns. 

What if: 

Last stand gave you bonus AD/AP together with its damage increase (a little bit when it starts kicking in at 60% hp and quite a bit, maybe scaling on levels, when you reach the 30% threshold).

Cut down had the damage it grants you ignore armor/mr. The purpose of this rune is to kill people with more hp than you, and since it requires A LOT of health disparity to grant its maximum benefits, it's probably about killing tanks, so why shouldn't the damage it grants you (only the actual increase, not the whole attack) ignore resistances?

For example, you slap a tank for 400 damage. By Hp difference, this damage is supposed to be increased by lets say 10%, which is 440, then it's going to be reduced by their resistances. So if you don't do damage to the tank, then you don't do damage with Last stand either, but if that 10% damage ignored 50% of bonus resistances, then it would actually be useful.

It's just like the old "executioner" mastery 
I've been debating which is better and most of the time as a top laner or jungler, Last Stand has been outperforming Coup De Grace for me in most of my games.
Try Cut Down on carries and Last Stand sometime on good champions for it. Then look at the bonus damages from the 3 runes and you will quickly realize how overestimated Coup de Grace is. 

Think about it. It isn't efficient to take it on a champion that already have an execute (overkill issue). It should be taken on champion that have %current life damages such as bork builder, and on assassin who clean low life ennemies.

Most of classic ADC are bad Coup de Grace users. Most of the time, they will hit the closest ennemies and they can't dive to clean the fleeing low life ones, they have to change target to the new closest ennemies. Cut Down seems like a better rune for 'non assassin' ADCs.

tl;dr: Coup de Grace HIGHLY overestimated.
I love to run Last Stand on full tank Jarvan, as they slowly work my hp down, halfway through the fight i suddenly deal damage, it works wonders.
Last stand can be good on Tryn, Kayle, aatrox, etc but also tanks however I'm not sure if it isn't too situational.
Darius MIGHT take Last Stand, but his ult (true damage) doesn't get affected by it anyway
I've tried presence of mind and cut down on some mages like ziggs and it actually was a good help, gave me a lot of sustain early and extra damage late.
Olaf with last stand cause of passive

Cut down is pretty good if you happen to have ended up in a situation where you're someone like Jhin against 3 tanks.
Last Stand is quite good, I think.

Really struggle to see the value in Cut Down, though.
Sion gets a damage bonus from Last Stand in his passive. Its pretty fantastic. 
Cut Down and Last Stand both need buffs.

Cut Down is a joke compared to Coup de Grace. Coup de Grace gives 9% extra damage against all targets less than 40% hp while Cut Down at max hp difference bonus only gives 1% more.
Last stand is for tank/fighter with triumph and Karthus, Illaoi, Darius, Trynda and Olaf. Cut Down is for precision vs resolve in toplane, but in next patch I think it will be trash. 
Last Stand might be taken on Olaf and Tryndamere.

Cut Down is just inferior to Coup unless you're fighting a Cho'Gath or something.

Coup also helps 'secure' kills.

Even if you took away the bonus on takedown; Coup is better.
I’ve tried Last stand on Illaoi. Was ok and probably one of the only champions that does well when low HP, trynd is another that works with it. 
I take last stand on Darius because I tend to finish people off with ult, and true damage doesn't get increased by coup.
On the paper, the **Cut Down** rune looks really good against Cho Gaths, Mundos, Trundles etc while playing for example an ADC. In reality tho, I think I've never chosen this over Coupe De Grace...
I take Last Stand always on Urgot because 62,5% of the power of Coup de Grace is wasted due to Urgot's ultimate. Ofcourse taking Coup de Grace would help to get target below 25% health but it's just not worth, you waste more than 50% of the most important part of the rune. 
**Last stand** is decent on few champs like: Karthus, Tryndamere.
Coup de Grace means you're often being rewarded for winning a fight. Last Stand is useless if you want to burst someone down while you are healthy. Cut Down is actually decent if you're going a carry top laner versus a tank or a bruiser that will get BC/frozen mallet/steraks etc..
Wrong about Last Stand
It's kinda the same with Triumph, only a few champions take anything else (one of the few examples i have in mind is Kassadin with Presence of Mind), exactly as Coup de Grace. Some runes are disgustingly godlike and make some champions godlike (Kat', i'm talking about you :( ) but they'll prefer nerfing the champions until they are garbage and then nerfing the runes as well, in short just giving them the Sona treatment.
I dont think coup de grace is strong i think the other options are just weak af but alot if the masteries are inbalanced liek that right now like who takes predator besides hecarim?and ive literally never seen a dark harvest since preseason started 
Last Stand: Tryndamere and Aatrox.
so what? you can take triumph
Simple really. 

Coup de grace is the most reliable option. It doesn't require you to take damage to be effective, and doesn't have a scaling to it. Its a free flat % if target is under 40%.

Cut down is only genereating extra dmg if the other target has more hp, and is optimal if he has 2k hp over you. So that means you don't get that much extra dmg into other carries. 

Last stand literally requires you to get low on HP to be effective. Not sure why anyone would pick that. 
Last Stand does have quite a few users, cut down though seems pretty bad and should recieve a similar change like LW items did so it's useable on bruisers vs tanks
Opened thread expecting there to be an actual stat somewhere showing that Cut Down and Last Stand were actually 0% each, instead got an opinion.  0/10 misleading title.
I take others when I'm playing ADC vs tanks and duelists. Last stand is good with duelists like Vayne
Honestly, the only times where I would consider taking the one that increases dmg when you're low is if I was playing Kayle, Trynda, Karthus or Kindred, and even then CdG is probably better
I took Cut Down once as Vayne because they had 3 tanks and I knew I was hardly going to be hitting their carries all game.
uhhh i frequently take the one that deals more damage the more max health an enemy has over you if im against chogath or another health stacker...
Its because they do the same damage all 3. Coup the grace just has the condition for it 
I take Cut Down on most adcs because I find myself hitting the enemy when they are full hp and then someone in the team finishes them off
Well, It's way better than [*Merciless*](http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Merciless_(Season_2016_Mastery) which was 3% against the 'new' thing (aka coup de grace) **9%**

It actually very good for burst assassins and bully laners.
vs an obvious tank comp the choice is also obvious.
Wrong, cut down is really good on zed if the enemy have like 2 tanks with more hp than you and you also get the lord Dominick’s and just annihilate them. 
Urgot loves to take Last Stand. You execute targets at 25% Hp anyway, so normally its only viable between 25% and 40% Hp.

Last Stand gives you a lot more damage and your W is a gigantic shield.
Tryndamere
i like last stand

I take last stand on Aatrox.
Oh, oh, I have data on this! See [this report for 7.23 runes](http://www.somebits.com/~nelson/lol-runes-723/).

Coup de Grace is very popular but Triumph is actually more popular.

Coup de Grace is roughly 10x as popular as the other two choices in its slot (Cut Down and Last Stand). Triumph is like 25x as popular.
Cut Down's bonus only kicks in once your opponent has at least 150 more max health than you. One of its purposes is obviously for carries to do more damage to tanks ...
Except you could easily loose an early bot/midlane fight by 50HP just because they took an actual rune like Coup de Grace when you basically don't have one.

And it's not like theirs will become less effective later in the game while yours scales.
idk when I play adc and they have a lot of tanks I usually take cut down and it ends up doing a lot of damage, didn't realise it was bad?
Twitch uses cut down
I take Last Stand as Kled. It helps me get my silly lizard back.
There are some like Poppy or Karthus that can take the others.

- It is the only one that gives a bonus after you kill someone, which means it gives you 2 kinds of powers that even synergize with each other. Even without that bonus Coup would be strong. The problem is also that this AD/AP does not scale with lvls, so an early kill in a 2v2 situation normally snowballs the side with the first kill to also get the second.

- Cut down is not bad wit a pretty much 4-10% dmg increase against everyone except ADCs (and early game supports) as long as you don't build any HP. This is pretty much as good as Coups 9% more dmg to 40% or lower targets but can't keep up with the extra bonus.

- Last Stand is pretty good on some champs like Poppy or Karthus. The max of 12% more dmg are pretty crazy actually, but it is not made for squishies normally. You need to be someone that likes to fight around 50-60% HP or even lower, which can be very risky for a lot of champs. But in the end the same problem as above. Coups extra AD/AP after a takedown is crazy good, especially early on

They just should remove the extra ad/ap when you get a kill
I really wish we got to see some numbers for each .  I feel like you would have to play a bunch of games of each to see how effective they are. Like is cutdown maybe better if you are playing ADC against 3 tanks?
I hope these 3 runes are reworked into something more interesting. Boring, fire and forget damage boosts. Effects are big enough to make a difference to the outcome of fights but too small to notice when they trigger. None of them change how your character feels to play, nor is there any sort of trick to getting the most out of them. You just pick Coup de Grace (or in rare cases one of the other two) and at the end of the game, you'll see it did a fair bit of extra damage for you. Boring and a missed opportunity to give more options to players and add variety to the game.





I take last stand on tryndamere. Shit is strong 
Tryndamere???
There are reasons to tacke the other 2, it's just VERY niche. Champions who tend to be stronger the lower they are, like olaf, warwick, aatrox, etc...

Or if there are many healthstackers on the enemy team and you don't build health.

95% of the time is coup de grace though
Dude, Last Stand and Trynd is op
I take cut down on adcs when i expect to face fat frontlane. Also champs like Darius, Olaf and Renek benefit alot from Life Stand aswell. Coup de Grace is just 100% useful in any situations, others are just situational, but still can be used in various scenarious.
Last stand is good on Kindred so I take it on them 
Don't know about everyone else but I almost never take Coup de Grace unless i play an assassin. Cut Down and Last Stand are incredibly underrated.
cut down is good on aram, just in case. 
Last stand on champs like Kindred and Tryndamere can have uses. Even Tahm Kench if you were inclined to take precision could be utilized with the E to turn fights. Agreeably, these are very specific applications. 
Same thing with Comet and it is getting stale.
I take last stand on tryndamere. I think it’s pretty good.
you go Last Stand on Karthus.
Coup de Grace, like merciless before it, is incredibly overrated. 10% more damage on targets below 40% health sounds great until you realize that most targets are overkilled anyway, espcially in teamfights. Cut Down and Last Stand have far greater uptime on the champions that are intended to use them and you should use those unless your champion is bad at both. Coup de Grace is strictly for reset champs, duelists, and champs with executes that aren't true damage. 
I preffer to take the one that gives you 20% tenacity instead
AP Shaco: A Year in Review -Pink Ward
> Something along the lines of his Passive and Deceive being reverted might give him the strength to be the one shot assassin AD Shaco players enjoy

Guess who doesn't enjoy that.
I want to upvote because he has some points, but at the sime time I want to downvote because he wants to make shaco viable :P
He’s one of those champions who everyone hates playing against. Q and W are two of the most frustrating abilities in the game. I think because of this they will not make him stronger until those abilities change somehow.
Dont flame him for wanting to make Shaco viable when you have feeding Zoes one shotting and Ornns beating adcs. 
Upvoting for adaptive abilities. I love the concept of it. 

What's problematic is that unlike Runes, it's much harder to unify everything for champion abilities and make them adaptive. 
Pretty nice review, really liked the tl;dr stuff.
I don't know why they gimp Shaco and then make blue kayn who can 0.1 people. Nice
He's just gonna get a full VGU like he needs and has needed for a long time.
Favorite champion for URF.  
I dont think anyone would enjoy ap shaco being prime again. 

He just E you every time its up. When you wanna fight him he Q's to his boxes. 

So you basicly just ignore him and eat his E. Extremly toxic and unfun to play against. 

I like seeing AD shaco back again. AP shaco is just pure cancer. 
The issue with AP shaco is hes very one dimensional, requiring people to basically come and fight you in your zone of influence hes just heimerdinger light with more escape tools when played AP or in a lane in general. If you simply don't fight him/stay in the area of your minions you basically auto win the match up because hes AP shaco and you can contribute a lot more to the team. Even when played AD Kha/Rengar do his job better.

Upvoting just out of respect. This guy is a trooper.
I wish Riot would have just instead work on all the desired assassins one-by-one, instead of alienating the players from their champions. Fortunately, Riot has mentioned learning from the disaster which was the Assassin update and won't be doing that anymore.
[Pink Ward wrote on 2017-12-27 UTC](https://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/gameplay-balance/YI24bqy2-ap-shaco-a-year-in-review):

 **AP Shaco: A Year in Review**

>This is about the AP side of Shaco only and how the changes to him, whether it be to better the AP or AD side, have affected him.  
>   
>AP Shaco has been my bread and butter since Season 1. I have clocked in over 7000 games of Shaco, if not more, throughout all of my accounts. Currently, AP Shaco is in one of his weakest states he has ever been in. With my extensive knowledge of the game and the champion, I'm able to make him work well, but I feel, given how high the skill ceiling is, it isn't rewarding enough to be viable. I will be going over the pros and cons a year after the rework to analyze whether the rework was better or worse for AP Shaco. I will then give my personal thoughts on what should be done with the champion.  
>   
>**Old Shaco vs REWORK:**  
>   
>All Examples are Shaco at level 18 with 125.5(126) AD, 100 AP, 40% cdr. 1.00 Attack Speed, everything rounded.  
>   
>* Backstab  
>   
>Pre Rework:  
>   
>Shaco's passive, Backstab, increased the damage the target would take by 20% from Shaco's auto attacks, Hallucinate's autos, or Two-Shiv Poison when hit from behind. These were Shaco's main sources of damage. As Shaco's autos would do 20% increased damage, this meant the guaranteed critical strike he got, through Deceive, would also critically strike. Two-Shiv Poison's AD ratio and AP ratio were also improved by 20%.  
>   
>   
>Current:  
>   
>The rework brought in a completely new passive, taking the Critical Strike off of Deceive and putting it on his passive. His passive now causes attacks from behind to critically strike. This critical strike will hit for 130%AD(+40%AP), increased to 200%AD(+40%AP) with a cooldown of 3 seconds, reduced by cooldown reduction.  
>   
>**Pros/Cons**  
>   
>Pros  
>Guaranteed 130%AD(+40%AP) crit from behind every 3 seconds (reduced by CDR).  
>if Infinity Edge crit changed to 180%AD(+40%AP)  
>   
>Cons  
>Lost 20% damage from Critical strikes  
>Lost 20% damage from Two-Shiv Poison  
>   
>**Examples**  
>   
>Pre-Rework Auto Attack  
>126 + 25 = 151 Physical Damage  
>   
>In a fight that lasts 10 seconds with Shaco attacking from behind, he will auto 10 times (damage increased by 20%)  
>126*10 (10 autos) + 20% (passive damage) = 1512, or 151 dps  
>   
>Current Auto Attack  
>126 * 130% = 164 + 40(AP Ratio) = 204 Physical Damage  
>   
>204 Physical Damage every 3 seconds (1.8 with full CDR).  
>   
>In a fight that lasts 10 seconds with Shaco attacking from behind, he will auto 10 times, critting 3 times  
>164*3 = 492 (crit dmg) + 882 (7 auto attacks) + 120 (AP Ratio) = 1494, or 149 dps.  
>   
>(With 1.8 CDR on Passive)  
>164*5 = 820 (crit dmg) + 630 (5 auto attacks) + 200 (AP Ratio) = 1650, or 165 dps.  
>   
>After going through the examples, with no CDR, the change from 20% increased damage passive to the crit passive was a 2dps decrease. While, at full cdr, it was a 14dps increase.  
>   
>tl;dr  
>Nerf with 0% cdr  
>Buff with 40% cdr  
>PreRework  
>151dps  
>Current  
>-2dps with 0% CDR  
>+14dps with 40% CDR  
>   
>* Deceive  
>Pre Rework:  
>Blink in target direction and stealth for up to 3.5 seconds. Next basic attack within 6 seconds critically strikes for 220% damage  
>   
>Current:  
>Blink in target direction and stealth for 4.5 seconds. After leaving stealth his next basic attack within 2.5 seconds will reduce Deceives cooldown by 2.5 seconds.  
>   
>**Pros/Cons**  
>   
>Deceive Pros  
>Gained -2.5 Second cooldown reduction on auto  
>Can now place boxes while Invis  
>Duration changed from 3.5 to 4.5  
>   
>Deceive Cons  
>Lost 220% Crit  
>Now Costs 60 mana at max rank rather than 50  
>Cooldown changed from 11 to 14  
>   
>**Examples**  
>   
>Pre Rework Deceive  
>50 mana cost, 220% damage, 11 second cooldown, 3.5 Stealth Duration  
>11 - 3.5 (Stealth Duration) = 7.5 seconds  
>220% * 126 = 277 + 20% = 332  
>   
>In a 10 second fight, you will get 2 deceives off.  
>2772 = 554 (Dmg of Crits) = 55dps (without backstab)  
>3322 = 664 (Dmg of Crits) = 66 dps (with backstab)  
>   
>Current Deceive  
>60 mana cost, 14 second cooldown, 4.5 Stealth Duration  
>14 - 4.5 (Stealth Duration) - 2.5 (Auto CD Reduction) = 7 second cooldown  
>   
>After going through the examples, Shaco gains a 1 second stealth duration and lowers the cooldown by .5 seconds, but loses 66 dps and costs 10 more mana.  
>   
>tl;dr  
>Buff to Duration and CD  
>Nerf to DPS and Mana Cost  
>+1s stealth duration  
>-0.5 cooldown  
>-66dps  
>+10 mana cost  
>   
>* Jack in the Box  
>   
>Pre Rework:  
>   
>A trap that lasts 60 seconds. Fears for 1.5 seconds. Attacks 10 times for 95 (+20% AP) Magic Damage. Prioritizes the closest champion in combat with Shaco. This being when Shaco damages a champion or when the champion damages Shaco. Can be Stacked. Pink Wards reveal the trap, but do not activate it.  
>   
>   
>Current:  
>   
>A trap that lasts 60 (+5% AP) seconds. Fears for 1.0 seconds. Attacks 10 times doing 95 (+20% AP) Magic Damage. Prioritizes the closest champion that damages the box. Cannot be stacked. Gains hp per level. Becomes activated by Control wards, Oracle Alteration, Sweeping Lens, and Duskblade. Upon activation, boxes lose their fear and their duration is set to 5 seconds. They are revealed by Clairvoyance Plant and Oracles (through Kleptomancy). 50% damage done to turrets.  
>   
>**Pros/Cons**  
>   
>Jack in the Box Pros  
>+5% AP increase to Duration  
>Health scaling up to 550hp  
>   
>Jack in the Box Cons  
>Cannot be stacked  
>Is activated by Control Wards, Oracle Alteration, Sweeping Lens, Duskblade  
>Revealed by Clairvoyance plant and Oracles Elixir.  
>Worse Prioritization  
>-0.5 second Fear length  
>50% damage to turrets  
>   
>* Two-Shiv Poison  
>   
>Pre Rework:  
>   
>Two-Shiv Poison maxed out at 210(+100% AP)(+100% bonus AD) Magic Damage. Two-Shiv Poison received an additional 20% damage from Backstab. 30% Attack Speed Reduction to minions and monsters. 30% slow on hit or on activation.  
>   
>   
>Current:  
>   
>Two-Shiv Poison maxed out at 155(+120% bonus AD)(+75% AP) Physical Damage. Two-Shiv Poison damage increased by 0% - 50% based on target's missing health.  
>   
>**Pros/Cons**  
>   
>Two-Shiv Poison Pros  
>+0% - 50% increased damage based on missing health  
>+20% bonus AD ratio  
>   
>Neutral  
>Changed from Magic Damage to Physical Damage  
>   
>Two-Shiv Poison Cons  
>-97 base damage (-55 base, -42 Passive Nerf)  
>-35% AP ratio (15% base nerf, 20% Passive nerf)  
>-30% attack speed reduction  
>   
>**Examples**  
>   
>Pre Rework  
>210 base, 100% ap ratio, 20% bonus dmg passive, 70 Mana, 8 sec cd.  
>210(base) + 100 AP (AP Ratio) = 310 Magic Damage (No Backstab)  
>310 Magic Damage + 62 (20% passive) = 372 Magic Damage (BackStab)  
>   
>In a 10 second fight you throw Two-Shiv Poison three times.  
>3103 = 930 Magic Damage = 93 dps (without backstab)  
>3723 = 1116 Magic Damage = 112 dps (with Backstab)  
>   
>Current  
>155 base, 75% ap ratio, 0-50% bonus dmg dependent on target's missing hp, 70 Mana, 8 sec cd.  
>155(base) + 75 AP (AP Ratio) = 230 Physical Damage + 0% (0-50% based on hp) = 230 Physical Damage  
>155(base) + 75 AP (AP Ratio) = 230 Physical Damage + 25% (0-50% based on hp) = 288 Physical Damage  
>155(base) + 75 AP (AP Ratio) = 230 Physical Damage + 35% (0-50% based on hp) = 311 Physical Damage  
>155(base) + 75 AP (AP Ratio) = 230 Physical Damage + 50% (0-50% based on hp) = 345 Physical Damage  
>   
>In a 10 second fight you throw Two-Shiv Poison three times.  
>1000 hp  
>1000 - 230(0%) = 770 - 256(230 + 770/1000 50%) = 514 = 25.7%(514/1000 50%) = 289  
>230 + 256 + 289 = 775 Physical Damage = 78 dps  
>   
>A champion has to be at 30% hp for current shiv to deal the same damage as old shiv without backstab. The current shiv will never do as much damage as old shiv with backstab.  
>   
>* Hallucinate  
>   
>Pre Rework:  
>   
>Shaco Vanishes for 0.5 seconds, creating a clone. On death or expiration explodes, dealing 600(100% AP) Magic damage. Clone deals 75% damage and takes 50% increased damage.  
>   
>   
>Current:  
>   
>Shaco vanishes for 0.5 seconds, creating a clone. On death or expiration explodes dealing 400(100% AP) Magic damage and spawning mini-boxes in a triangle. Mini boxes fear for 0.75 seconds, dealing 75(+15% AP). Clone deals 75% damage and takes 50% increased damage.  
>   
>**Pros/Cons**  
>   
>Hallucinate Pros  
>Mini boxes  
>   
>Hallucinate Cons  
>-200 damage  
>   
>I find Hallucinate is a negligible ability on AP Shaco. There isn't as much damage value in the ability as there is in tricking your opponent into thinking it's you. I find it's unreliable damage and scenarios when it's useful for damage are rare. It can help to add a few autos in a round of burst, but unless you have many hours on Shaco, using the clone effectively is one of the things that gives the playstyle its high skill ceiling. A new player will not be able to control the clone correctly to effectively use the explosion or mini-boxes correctly. Even I rarely use them correctly after the thousands of hours I have on the champion.  
>   
>  
>* Summary   
>  
>  
>**Pros vs Cons**  
>   
>Pros  
>   
>Backstab  
>Guaranteed 130%AD(+40%AP) crit from behind every 3 seconds (reduced with CDR).  
>   
>Deceive  
>Gained -2.5 Second cooldown reduction on auto  
>Can now place boxes while Invs  
>Duration changed from 3.5 to 4.5  
>   
>Jack in the Box  
>+5% AP increase to Duration  
>Health scaling up to 550hp  
>   
>Two-Shiv Poison  
>+0% - 50% increased damage based on missing health  
>+20% bonus AD ratio  
>   
>Hallucinate  
>Mini boxes  
>   
>Cons  
>   
>Backstab  
... continued on next comment ...
Shaco needs some love - has been barely touched since he was released. Do SOMETHING with him riot, whether it be for the worse or better.
Kind of a rant, but hear me out from a Shaco main who a bit too dedicated on the jester for her own health and the stupid as hell dilemma he's in right now.

Riot really just has three choices right now with Shaco:

1. Revert the assassin update. It was a mistake and the only ones who made it out of that disaster of a update that can be "positive" was Talon and Kat.
1. Give back the crit on his Q, or give him adaptive stats. That crit was his bread and butter and helped a lot, but it is a tad too powerful for early game. Shaco is known for being an AD, or AP assassin, and him being adaptive would make it tricky to counterplay against him as he can just go AP for the first half of the game, then go AD.
1. Do a complete rework on Shaco. Shaco just got a new lore in client with him now being confirmed to be a corrupted enchanted puppet, so a new move set can come into play. Also because it would be nice to see his old as hell pizza feet models be fixed up and tuned to look more like his art splashes.

Another thing i'd point out is just Riot's mentality with Shaco. Shaco is the red-headed stepchild of assassins. 

They say that he's a "toxic" champion to play against because of his Q having "*no counterplay*" (*What are red wards?*) and the backstab crit+Q crit doing tons of damage pre patch 7.5, but I find it a load of horseshit because we have champions like Zoe existing who can quickly kill someone and be rewarded for missing her bubble with only 1 item, and SA Kayn (who has WAY higher damage ratios than Shaco) easially killing squishes much faster than Shaco with only red smite + Duskblade. For Shaco, you'd be lucky to 1 shot someone with smite, Tiamat, duskblade and IE/Stattiks.

tl;dr: [Shaco's in a bad place](https://i.imgur.com/xqAIez6.jpg). Riot, please fix Shaco, revert him or rework him. You can't pull the toxic 'no counterplay' champion card when you have mages who get rewarded for fucking up an ability (Zoe), assassins who scale better than he does with an stealth ability that gives some health back (SA Kayn/Rhaast) and even god damn tanks (Ornn) dealing more damage than he can.
The rework was a total failure and should just be reverted imo, the only thing the rework did well was nerf the bullshit poke (Which Pantheon still has btw) and make it so boxes can't stack, problem is these things was so overnerfed, his E does like no damage now and the boxes can't go anywhere near each other which just ruins him.
He makes good points here, and you definitely can’t fault him for wanting his main to be more viable. However at the same time, ap shaco is one of the least engaging and unfun champions to play against. I think the overall idea of Shaco is good but his kit is antiquated and anti-fun and needs a rework
Why are you trying dude, Riot simply doesn't care about certain champions, showing in that they are unviable competitively, binary, outdated, rigid kits that are both unfun to play with/against for 8+ years without ever getting reworked: Shaco, Nasus, Dr. Mundo, Nunu, Amumu, Fiddlesticks etc. Meanwhile Ryze 5th rework in 3 years is on the horizon.
I don't understand how a two-shiv poison and deceive would be used more than once/twice in a 10s fight? Deceive is literally a 11s cd, why does he say it can be used twice?
That´s why i don´t play shaco. He looks cool but WTF :)
If shaco becomes a popular pick, I would actually ban him every single game. Stealth at its core is unfun and awful to play against. In a team game with no prominent voice chat, stealth is not a viable option. I think riot hates it too, just like they hate enchanter supports. But cant remove a "core" aspect of the game now. They sealed it with the eve rework. Anyone above d5 should be banning her.
seems weird, but what if his boxes reset his stealth cooldown?

he can stealth in, predict with a box which direction they will run and if hes right he gets a reset to stealth out so he can go in and out like other assassins can.

right now hes like a shitty diver. he can stealth in but hes pretty much in once he goes in. it makes no sense to me. he either is cancer and can one shot you no problem or he's useless. 
He needs a rework.  Full on, Galio level.
I like it support and so. Pretty fun. But if ur team falls behind when ur support its a loss
Lots of respect for this guy's dedication. Still hoping they won't buff shaco though...
I'm okay with any and all nerfs AP Shaco gets.
[deleted]
TBH I'm fine with Shaco being dumpster tier. A champion with a short cooldown better-than-Rengar-ult on a basic ability should never be viable until that ability gets a massive overhaul.
I just wish they would nerf duskblade to only reveal wards and not reveal traps...

Then it would still serve its purpose to assassins and not be a 1-item compete counter to ap shaco players :(....

Or make it reveal only 1 ward/trap before going on CD

Or make it just reveal the boxes and not activiate them like the old pink ward used to do.

Everybody and their mom is building duskblade right now.
AP Shaco is in the worst state he's ever been, yet I've been having more success with AP than AD, at least in the top lane. I feel like it's mostly because AP can itemize for Morello's, which allows you to spam so much, and gives you 20% CDR to boot. 

Even in the terrible state that AP Shaco is, there just isn't another item in the game that is so effective for him, where laning is concerned. In the jungle, things are obviously different.
I'm so happy this hit the front page. I miss AP shaco
Shaco suffers form the same problems as Yasuo, only worse.   Fun for the Shaco player, but can be just obnoxious to play against.  His level 2 cheese gank is oppressive, particularly at low elos.   

He can be outplayed, but it isn't particularly rewarding to do so.  A combination of smart ward placement, map awareness, and conservative play when his location isn't known are really all it takes to not let him get they early kills he really needs to be relavant.  

His biggest problem is order to beat him, you need to play in a very boring way.   Until he gets a Evelyn level rework that delays his pre-6 invis cheese ganks, he'll never get any significant buffs that won't get taken away.
delete boxes. most infuriating ability in the game by far.
Nerd.
I think the best route is to just make him full ad. Similar to yi. When they removed box stacking they basically obliterated ap shaco anyway.
All the people hating Shaco seem to ignore Teemo.  Interesting. 
Why is this guy sad about it? I loved playing AP Tristana, but since her rework its totally gone. Should i make a thread now too? 
[removed]
If he's so knowledgeable about Shaco why doesn't he know that he scales better with AD?
Nunu Flash -> R bug?
There is a bug, which apparently still exists where if Nunu gets taunted while he's channeling his ult, it deals way more damage than it should. In both clips you can see that his channel was interrupted by Galio's taunt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B7tNWmeTCE 

maybe another version of this 
/u/vandirilol

if galio interrupts nunu channeling with taunt it insta kills everyone?
Okay, that's pretty fucked up to be honest.
Skin wishlists should be a thing
and you should recieve a notification pop-up when a skin in your wishlist is on sale.


(just make it like steam)
I support this
AND it's profitable for Riot since it's about buying RP and making 
money.
It's me, your friend
Yeah maybe like the top 5 skins someone wants. It could be easily accessed on their profile by their friends. That'd be pretty cool actually. Then it can be a real surprise xD
I'm pretty sure rioter somewhere already said it will be implemented in the future, but I'm too lazy to look up for the proof
Great, more ways to give Riot more of my money.
I have a skin wishlist it’s under “store”
Oh man, yes please. I have a friend who has gifted me twice with a skin and while I appreciate it so much and am really thankful and the gesture made me super happy both times, both of them were skins that I don't like. I feel bad that he's spent real money on skins that I am unlikely to ever use because I already have multiple other skins that I actually love for those champions.

A skin wishlist would prevent that from happening and would make it easier for me to gift him back something he really likes too! 
I like this. Seems like it would be simple enough to implement, too.
Yeah they have something going with Your Shop, but it’s still heavily flawed in my opinion. I have yet to get an offer in Your Shop that I went with. It offers me skins for champions I don’t even play unless it’s ARAM. I suppose to some extent it’s hard to make one for everybody. 

You have on one hand people who buy skins for their favorite champions as soon as they’re available, so the offers for similar champs are the only kind of nearby connector, but that person may not really like many of those. On the other hand, you have folks who wait to buy skins until somehow they’re discounted - whether early sales or weekly or something else. I feel like Your Shop only helps the second person. I think it’d be much more effective if it just offered either a chance to re-roll the deals once or maybe just discounts of varying percentage distributed across several tiers of skins.

Sorry this is off-topic, but I do think player-set wishlists could go a long way toward improving any future personalized offers they do, like Your Shop and maybe random in-client individual skin offers.
It would also be cool if the wishlist could notify you if a skin you want goes on sale or if it's a legacy skin, when it becomes available. 
Inb4, grills putting Dj Sone/Ele lux and every Ahri skin waiting some thirsty dude gift them.
Hey guys my wish is Ambitious Elf Jinx
who wants to get me it lol
thast would be cool af.
seconded
This and to be able to let your skin be selected randomly each game! That would be great. Too often I can't decide which skin to use! ^helpme!toomanyskins!

They could make even more money by letting you add stuff to your wishlist before it's released - I bet tons of people would and their friends could gift it to them on release
No it shouldn't
And then Riot makes it so you have a lower than normal chance to get a skin which exists on your wishlist through the chest loot system.
That title made me think I was on /r/nosleep for a sec
I have seen this post before... Is this.. A repost? 
Ya, and Let’s have it on separate websie like.. idk.. the amazon wishlist? And integrate it with patrion, another great idea! 
Great idea! This shouldn't take too long to implement and Riot would make money with it. Profit for everyone!
My friend is making an app for this in compsci lol
egrills wet dream 
I just wish you could still send gifts to people.  I bought RP on Christmas eve so I could send skins to people after games, and apparently they removed that feature from the lobby. Now you're just supposed to friend them, wait 24 hours, and THEN send the gift?  Really ruins all of the fun.
Riot supports money... so they should support this
Other things I'd like to see in the League store:

10pack of crates +1 free for 1250RP. 10pk of keys +1 free for 1250RP.

Chromas - "Champion Owned" tickbox

Hextech Crafting, an option to disable seeing loot-crates anywhere in the client. 
“A skin on your wishlist is currently on sale!”
Is it a surprise tho if you pick from a list?
Definitely. I am actually curious how they haven't done this yet.
They're able to make a event skin store at discount pricing, they can make a similar tab for skin wishlist. I think this is a neat idea.
If it supports sales, itll come eventually. 
But what if you don't have friends who will gift you skins :(
I Usually end up just gifting RP 
I'd love that! 
Add to that the ability to gift shards and I would totally be down. Friend of mine barely plays but the only skin he wants is Primal Udyr, but doesn't want to pay that much for a skin. I *know* if I was able to gift him the shard I've been sitting on he'd be grinding games for that OE.
it's easy when they don't own a lot of skins, but when they do it's so hard. usually i just mystery gift those people tho.
No helmet Kayle, desert Kog'Maw, skins I can't get unless super lucky...
Maybe also a champion wishlist, since those can also be gifted.
I agree
With the way notifications are atm, they will probably miss it anyway. I miss the chest opening animation
Damn this is such a good idea. Having a wishlist would be so useful.
If you dont know what to gift remember you can gift RP!
Yeessss!!!
Wishlists and then your specialty store would draw from that list so you got skins you actually want.
Hey, it's me your future friend. I love playing Singed (and Fiddlesticks, don't be fooled by the fiddle flair!) and I'll be friends with anyone for that amazing BeeSinged skin. My birthday is in september, so it's a long wait, but at least it will be worth it! With kind regards, your future friend.
Hey im your mate james
Christmas Ahri of some kind. This is almost a plea from r/ahrimains lol ^(YES MORE AHRI SKINS!!! )
i support this , now buy me a season pass for fortnite :D
These camgirls ...
Suggest [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/7jbyhx/championskin_wishlist_addition_to_our_summoner/) before but didn't reach the front page :/
http://yordl.com/

http://www.leaguesales.com/summoners/leaguesales

One integrated to the client would be very nice, though.
Fyi, my 24th birthday is coming up on January 8th. It's not like im putting it out there or anything but OG CS Riven would be very neat.
Open a notepad, and write the name of skins what you want to get.
Haha, you wish.

Get it? 
hey will you be my friend? i didn't get a single gift this christmas from my friends on league.  i think i need new friends
who the fck cares :O
no.

why are you guys so damn obsessed with skins? imagine paying money to put a little costume on your character, lmao. sad. 
After almost 5 years i've finally realised i can use (x) to target champions only
But... I have my emotes bound to that key.
I used one of those racing game pedals for that.
Binded the key to it and it worked like a charm. Helps to minimize finger acrobatics if you actually use target champions only and suck at pressing multiple buttons/have a ghosting keyboard
how is that more important than knowing the name of sona's instrument?
Oh my god... I played since the beta. How. Did. I. Not. Know. Bronze 4 here I come now
[deleted]
I bound that to space. But I have something better for you if you don't know about it yet..

Under the "Hotkeys" tab, way down on the bottom. You can left mouse click to attack walk.

It little bit of getting used to since "normal" clicking is now SHIFT + LMB. But trust me.. After you're used to it you will become a kiting god. Adc will be the easiest role Ever. No more AA cancel, no more missing clicks and walking towards the enemy, no more hitting the wrong target.

Trust me. 
Can someone provide a video to showcase the command ?
but do you have to hold it or press once to activate and then again to deactivate?
Been using this for a while but for most key setups it's incredibly awkward having to hold another key while tower diving if you're gonna have to likely use all of your abilities + summoners while you're doing it. Now all my focus goes into "not hitting the wrong ability while holding the binding" rather than "not misclicking the tower" when enemy decides to desperately run circles around their tower. 

It would be really nice if it were a toggle like Singed poison to remove the awkwardness.  
I did it in 2015. Never looked back since then.

[This is why.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KYp4XFlM24)
you can what
> i can have both quick cast and indicator available at same time.

Can you elaborate on this
I use this a lot as lulu to stop accidentally sending pix to help minions instead of shielding my adc.
I put my mastery 7 on X what do I do now
Ive been known this for years and even binded it to a more confortable key but i always forget to use it, it just wont enter in my memory
 How do you have quick cast and indicator available? 
I think I am the only person who checks all the keybinds in any game before, even if I will not use that bind later.
I've got no clue why but when i have quick cast and indicators on at the same time, for some reason I feel there's a slight delay that fucks up my skillshots
Next step: get frustrated that you can still end up casting Lulu's W or E on the wrong target...
As someone who use to main Yasuo, this is something you need to know if you want to easily use camps to get to other side of walls.
I thought it was bound to the ~ key
[Literally "challenger"](http://tr.op.gg/summoner/userName=BartZeroSix) and I didn't know that. Also, can you click "through" the tower with X ?


Also how do you have quick cast and indicator at the same time ? If you don't have to press more keys, it's just free informations.
I... Did not know this as well
I've known this for more than a year and I still haven't tried it ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
re-bind it to a mouse button you can hold with your thumb, it has done really well for me
I just learned that today
Im D3 and i never knew this hm
Discovered it a few weeks ago aswell and tower diving has never been easier as an adc. NO MORE HITTING TURRETS! HAHAHAH
I've been playing the game for four years now. Didn't know this until Kog Maw scripting came out and challenger players binded their X and Z keys to kite once they had high enough attack speed 
You can also press space for the whole time and you'll prioritze champs
How you can do it?
>oh and also noticed i can have both quick cast and indicator avaivable at same time.

How? I need this.
I have mine set to space as it's easier to hold down with my thumb and have C as center camera. Ctrl+C is my toggle camera lock.

A few people mention binding things to mouse buttons but my problem with that is if my mouse breaks or changes then I'm dependant on a mouse with extra buttons. I prefer to have everything on a keyboard. 
This key is more or less needed to bind as some junglers, especially the likes of Fiddle for example, if you're standing at raptors and want to ulti over. No way you can manage to hit that 1 pixel with a right click and not attack chickens, it's impossible ! Too many times did I fail on it, and I had to bound it to "3" :)
honestly, I need that shit on toggle instead of holding it down
I use my side mouse button for that hotkey. It's bliss as an adc main.
I realized it a few days ago. good timing
Can you explain what that means? As a newer player I am not sure I followed you.
I use my left click button for this.
what I want to know is how to lvl up an ability without pressing control (q,w,e or r) mid-fight. There have been times when I just get to lvl 6 in the middle of fight and my ult would be useful but I can't stop fighting with my other abilities or I'll die. 

My right hand is always on my mouse and my left control key is all the way in the bottom left hand corner which makes it awkward for me because I use my pinky on q, ring finger on w, middle finger on e, and pointer finger on r, putting my left thumb above the space bar. 
i've binded it to my "c"
I have it in T.
I'm sure when I tried quick cast with indicators, sometimes the skillshot just wouldn't go off and it fucked up a few games.

I'll definitely be using X though, thanks.
How can you have both quick cast and indicator available?
my key is '
What? I bound the Warded Alert to X :(
wait what???
Bind it to a mousebutton instead
I've been playing for 7+ years and did not know this
Been here since the beta~ have never looked at the keybindings thoroughly enough and omg today is gonna be a good day~!
And it still doesn't work with attack move click :/
how can you use quick cast and indicator at the same time?
change the title to TIL bro.

wait wut?

this is news to me D: thanks OP
something something tutorial
wait what? i should try that, the amount of fuck ups i've been through because i attacked a minion instead of the champion, thank you for the valuable info
How do you have quick cast and indicator available at the same time ?
I've know about this for far too long and still don't use it. Guess thats why I'm hardstuck D5..
Oof, I been using X for a while it’s very useful if you’re just measuring the range of AA I personally use space bar for attack move, it’s slightly easier for me to orb walk 
What's the difference between this and tilde '~'? I'm Diamond and I didn't even know about 'x'.
That’s my ward button :-( 
I just wish it was a toggle
I was maining caitlyn since s3 got do d2 with her and i've noticed it like a week ago.. I fked up so many traps because they were behind the tower ^^

Is there a way to bind target champs and attack move to the same key?
How this it work? Is it active while I m pushing the button or is it like turning on and off through pushing once?
what about targeted abilities, say kayle q? when theres a bunch of minions or whatever, can you use this so that you can only hit champions with abilities? or is it only aa's?
I thought it was a well known fact.
Now go get your shitty plastic challenger jacket!
You mean quick cast item 4.
Does that toggle if? 
I have it bound to a mouse extra click. Playing kalista clicking A, while holding select champions only feels like cheating.
trinket is bound to x for me
I did not understand.
I changed my key bindings so that space bar is target champions only. Super useful to 100% guarantee you are hitting the right targets lol. Back in the day I ignited minions more than I should have.
Bro are you serious. I’ve looked like an idiot so many times since I usually get very aggressive in top lane and dive as much as I can.
I changed my A hotkey to attack champion because I can't see a time where I would specifically target a minion when I can just right click
Pros dont use it so why ever need that button, just click on the enemy champ:)
I use mouse4
I used to have it on space, changed it though now i have camera lock on space
i mean as a plat high plat/low diamond level player i could use this...... buuuuuuuut naw, ill just keep autoing towers when i go in to dive 
This post made me realize how bad this subreddit is lmao..
Did they changed it? It was grave (`) first.
I know that for a long time. Thats how I walk into jungle camps without hitting the monsters
After 8 here, and would have been more without this post
LIVID
What the fuck, how the fuck did I not know this
How do you have auick cast and indicator on? Is it just in the settings, no access to league rn.
took me 400 games with leona this season until a friend told me that i have stronger aa after ult - my mind was blown 😅
i want to bind it to capslock but client won't let me :(
I play since end of 2012 and i took about 3 years to realise it. Also using shift to kite improved my play a lot.
Does it work for auto attacks? remember trying it for twitch ult but it didnt work they way I wanted it to..
Ive not 5 years playing lol but i realized that key time ago and I dont know how to use it. Can someone tell me if I can just press that key, with the kitting hot key to only aim for champs? Because i was having some trouble while Im kitting with Kalista hitting some minions by error.
Thank for letting me know... I'm going on 6 years playing >_<
Should have started this post with "PSA" because I did not know that.  I'm always mis-clicking on minions with A+click or right-click.
Holy fuck I learned so much reading these comments
I've used this a few times but sometimes my champion still autoed random minions when the target of my attack move clicks is surrounded by them. Working as intended or ?
I switch around some of my buttons, but I never knew there was even a button for that. That sounds REALLY useful every occasion.
Hmm I will try that
Does it work in combination with attack move(-click) (A-key by default) tho? I've gotten so used to it that rightclicking to attack feels wrong for me. 
I have it set on tab, pretty useful indeed
Back when i was playing this game i 've kept telling my friends every 10 or so games for a few years that they should use target champion only and every single time they were like "whaaaat, that exists?!" 


Every. Single. Time. And they never learned -.-
Can someone explain to me what quick cast and indicator mean?
Holy shit im p1 and had no idea this was a thing. No more autoing minions on accident anymore lol
I learned this after I already spent countless hours on Osu fine tuning  my snap clicking accuracy...
I've done the same for a while. Helps a lot.
I learnt about this long time ago...

... Still forgot to use it even once...
You could try targeting enemy champs under tower using a skill instead then not doing anything (your champ will autoattack the enemy after the skill is used on them) assuming that the skill isnt aa based/can target towers
I only learned that watching BoxerPete streams. But that still doesn't answer the other question, how do you auto that 1HP Vayne when there's a huge Allistar standing on top of her?
I have mine keybound to tab. I place my index on the E key with middle being the W and ring the Q, so my pinkie hovers right above the tab key. Rather than having a finger dedicated to the status screen, I moved "target champions only" to tab so that I can hold it down with my pinkie whithout having to move any fingers, I normally just hold it down during a fight.
Wtf
Wait what?  I have been playing since season 1.   I am a slow learned.  I didn't learning quick casting until about year 4. 
i allways thought that was useless untiil i realized you have to keep pressing and you can only click on champs
Reminder to not use that while doing baron, seen a pro stream mess that up once lol
No matter what I bind, I can't find a comfortable key to use it
How does it work? Do you just press the key like a toggle and it locks on, or do you hold onto the key?
What?! (Face palm) how have I not know this?! I guess I should uninstall. And just potato 
Does this work with attack move too? 
i have mine set to space
My 'X' is attack move tho
Can someone please explain to me what settings I have to change to use this? I've tried so many combinations and I can't get this to work. 
So would this work for Lulus Shield and stuff like that? I hate when a minion blocks a shield last second.
I actually have it bound to Spacebar.
I have tried using that feature for years and it has never worked for me. It's like the command doesn't exist, no matter what button I bind it to. 
that feel when i have shop on ` xD
I have attack move bound to X....
Is that the attack key? It's also useful for checking bushes. Normally you click into a bush, and if you see an enemy, you then click them. If you attack key click into the bush, the moment you see an enemy, your champion automatically attacks them. 
Yeah i never knew as well until like middle of this year and ive been playing since s3. I put it on a since its easier 
wow you are so smart bro. ive been playing since 1992, never heard about this. thanks for the tip!
I got to plat 4 without quick cast lol, can u imagine i played janna for years without it 
I bound this to my middle mouse button back in Season 3 when I was playing mid Soraka and had several deaths due to healing minions.
Omg wut!!! I can do this ?!
I can’t figure this out, what is the thing called in the options menu and where do you find it?
Took me a full year to learn what everyone meant by "attack move."


Yes I'm still silver trash
I've been playing this game since 2009 and im just finding out about this from this post.............well fuck me mate :D

So serious question, if i use X and point a click ability (such as ryze w) does it make the ability champion only?
I use tilda (top left of keyboard). I just really wish there was a way to combine "attack move" and "target champions only". On Kalista this would be huge when youre kiting someone who's in minions and can't click accurately enough
Space is great for that but unfortunately it doesn't work with attack move.
I have laugh bound to X, for maximum spamability.
All I need now is a key that allows you to click a thresh lantern when it’s in the middle of a clusterfuck
i learned it when in season 4 playing fiddlesticks jungle i wanted to walk behind wraiths without autoing them so i can ult over that wall. very useful
better late than nevber
we've all seen the "most broken champs on release" threads, how about the most useless champs on release?
picking bard at release was considered borderline trolling by some.
Azir was really garbage on release, not because he was bad but because he was REALLY bugged, same thing with Syndra
Lucian was pretty bad at release. You did more damage not using his ult.
Yorick was one of the worst releases ever. 

Just look take a look at him in his own champion spotlight, Riot couldn't even pick good clips of him and had to cherry pick some clips where his team mates did all the work while he remained useless. Also spawned the "tons of damage" meme since he overuses it in the video.
>https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lSDYK-s7siQ
Wukong was one of the first champs that they teased months in advance. Everyone was excited for the monkey king. His kit was exciting, everyone was excited to use decoy, and spin really fast. Then he was released and actually did negative damage. It was the saddest excuse for a champion besides eve who was purposefully kept weak because they had no idea how to balance invis. 
Cait was horrible, her ult was basically a ranged auto attack(proced tiamat and was blocked my pantheon passive) 

She needed so much help on release. 
release riven was a dumpster fire
Kog'maw. Phreak introduced him as an ap character and it sucked ass. Later on people started to build him as an adc (with crit), and he was not that bad with all the range.
Ornn was 30% winrate for his release patch
Ivern was useless on release but I have a feeling it was because people didn't know how to play him. Though, he did receive buffs after on.
Winrate-wise, Syndra was the lowest with a [Rito-confirmed 27%](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/2zlpir/bard_currently_holds_a_win_rate_of_296_the_lowest/cpku03z/) on release. Part of that was a steep learning curve (back when just a 6-sphere ult took cdr and player skill, and ate over half her mana), part of it was low numbers, and probably most of it was her being insanely buggy.

It's possible given the whole skill curve thing that she'd outperform a couple other champs if everyone was given the time to practice the release Bards and Ornns and Lucians and threw them all together, but the fact remains that release Syndra's presence was the biggest single winrate predictor there has ever been in LoL.
Syndra was the worst, sporting supposedly the worst winrate of all time on her release - 27%, not that much better than a 4v5. Her numbers were very low on everything except Unleashed Power, but most of all all of her hitboxes were smaller than they should be and buggy. Combined with the delays, she had trouble doing anything at all a lot of the time and her E frequently did absolutely nothing, knocking back neither orbs nor units in the radius. The reports came in so quick for picking her, for a long time after - even after her bugs were fixed and additional compensation buffs, some of which she deserved and some of which she definitely shouldn't have gotten - she was considered a trollpick, until people started realising she was actually atrociously imbalanced at this point and she had to be nerfed.
They literally had to buff Yorick in every way they possibly could immediately after release. 
probably... sejuani
Release syndra was so buggy that you almost had the same odds of winning if you just had an afk on your team instead. 
I'm really surprised I didn't see a single Gnar in here considering his boomerang literally didn't work and nobody knew how to play him when he first came out
Bard was a liability
probably karma, She was the new champion when I started playing league (also the last 3150 champ Riot released) She was so bad that I saw no more than 10 people played her before the VGU.
the one that came to my mind instantly was Bard. He was so atrocious, that when there was a troll game in China were both teams were trying to lose to have a better oponent for the playoffs, he was the contested pick.
I remember Taliyah and A.Sol being really weak on release. Taliyah had the whole Q max/E max debacle and her W having that bizarre casting scheme. I hated seeing her picked on my team in those early days because nobody could get her to work; she was dead weight on the team and her ults would get her own teammates killed more often that not. Not to mention all those super shitty Taliyah supports.

A.Sol I think was more a factor of the steep learning curve.
Ivern and Bard were trash
Reading through this post, browsing my own memories, it feels like Ivern could be the most underwhelming one.
Eve
Wasn't it that if you had release Syndra ok your team, you had a lower winrate than if she went afk? Winrate  Syndra was 27% or smth and 4 v 5 29%
Quinn was pretty bad at the time
Syndra was unplayable because she was bugged as hell
Azir was the same, with his wall not working most of the time
Release Lucian

The answer will always be Syndra. I don't remember a single champion that was more bugged and pathetic at its release. Iirc her win rate was something below 30% which was the record for the lowest win rate for a champion in League's history. 

Bard was also hot garbage, however it was partially because of his unique playstyle. 
Syndra
Probably Syndra, she was so stupidly full of bugs, basically the Azir before it was cool
Release Rengar, a lot of people say he was broken on release but they are talking about the second patch, yes his numbers were busted but he was riddled with clunkiness due to bugs during release that the only viable way to play him for that patch was AP, the immediate patch after that saw a W ap ratio nerf and some QoL buffs that actually made him despicable, but on release he was useless af
Syndra
Syndra went below 30% winrate upon release if i'm not mistaken.
Syndra's damage used to be laughable, you could do a full combo on someone and they would still be at least half hp.
I have no winrate data and it wasn't as bad as syndra or ornn but I do remember sneaky getting flamed by friends on his team for picking jhin on release.
I just remember Bard benig REALLY underwhelming. But then out of nowhere Aphromoo picked him up and everything was gucci (was some buffs in there, but still noone played him)
Syndra, legit not even close, and if anyone says anything else they didnt play back then.

She had the lowest winrate of all time at a whooping 28%. Winning with a an AFK wasnt far away from that, if that doesnt tell you something...
Nunu,
Still is useless
The release of Kindred was hilarious because no one seemed to get how her ult work. Allies would flash out of it, Kindred's would save the enemies, mass hysteria. 
Believe it or not, Elise was widely thought to be entirely useless upon release.
It's really hard to answer, as someone who played all those years, most champions were really decent on release, even with those low win rates, just meant that they had a steeper learning curve.
Release Bard and release Zac Rework.
Ivern. Nobody knew how to play this little tree in the first 2-3 weeks
Bard
Aurelion Sol imo
Ornn was definitely up there. Release ornn was pretty unusable
No one remembers Ivern literally you did nothing and people hated anything dealing with him.
ornn was hot garbage
Gnar's passive was a lot more unreliable. Made him super janky to play on release.
Teemo?
Sejuani
Ivern hands down
Ornn was awful for a few weeks after release
i'd say bard
Jesus i like playing bad champs i guess. On release i played bard, ivern, gnar, ornn, syndra and new yorick. All mentioned on this thread LOL
Syndra was AWFUL and horribly buggy on release. they had to change her up a bit, fix her numbers and also had to change one of Diana’s skins because Syndra had a headpiece that looked too similar. 
I think Zac was the worst, Riot had to completely change his numbers shortly after his launch, as his costs for all his abilities were 12% max health, and his heal on his passive was a low % of current health. Zac would literally kill himself in fights
Release Syndra had a winrate only just above a literal 4v5 [As in; someone dosen't connect for the entire game]. Release Syndra was the lowest winrate ever.

I believe; statistically; it was Syndra < Bard < Azir < Pre-Rework Karma/Eve [These two swapped positions frequently]

Release Syndra was literally non-functional. I don't think anything can actually beat it. And on the blue moon her combo actually functioned; if you landed the entire thing; it would be about a 50% chunk.
Tahm Kench on release was basically a double agent
ornn wasnt great, prob not worst
I remember that when poppy came out, you where able to "e" the baron out of the pit until you can finally bug it into the fountain..
The (first) Yorick was terrible. At the time, many people thought he was way worse than Eve (who many considered to be the worst champ in the game prior to this).
You do realize most people playing the game do not understand values.
Basically Ornn.
Zed was garbage at release isn't? I can remember only 1 player who was "high elo" in BR server, his nick was "Ayel" and he became famous with his Zed. Edit: he became famous because he tried so hard to play with zed but it was so garbage. :(
Quinn on release was one of the weakest champions by far
Ornn was bad because people kept buying his items too early. 

I think that should be a qualifier. 
it's gota be Quinn. A marksman that turns into a melee range bird. wut?

and her E is so slow you get interrupted or take tons of damage while flipping back and forth.
Orn

Ornn
Syndra then Tahm Kench then Bard in terms of champion releases. 

In terms of reworks Ryze's 2nd and 3rd rework
Taliyah?
No one mentioning Urgot? 

He would really hurt in solo lane up to 10 minutes, then he would stop doing ANY damage. Like supports could 1vs1 him, and this was when supports had no gold or items.
Ornn, Bard and Riven :D
Evelynn rework
**IT IS ME FRIEND OF THE FOREST :D**
Sejuani was one of the weakest champ I remember being released.   
Nobody picked her until S5, when they reworked her. She had no damage on top of not being tanky as other tanks.
I remember karma was straight up garbo on release

Wouldnt even look at her
yorick
lucian was pretty shit when he went live until he got some buffs
Gnar was bad af, and got a lot of buffs.
Yorick was aaaaass on release. In the champ spotlight he was so fed so make him seem OP
Old school - Skarner was a trash fire for a simple reason they refused to fix. He had horrifying mana issues that they didn't bother to tweak so he just couldn't do anything for long. Even with blue buff he'd run out of mana so fast you'd just end up auto attacking and dying before a full clear.

Riot proceeding to buff all his other stats and abilities twice before finally fixing his mana and unleashing a hellishly dangerous champion. Best part is that the playerbase had asked simply for mana buffs since that was clearly his issue.
orrn
Korean Account?
In a legit and allowed manner? not possible unless you have affiliation with riot somehow. But if you want to take the other route like many people do that visit Korea and don’t have a Korean SSN , then just do come google searching and drop some money.
You buy one from 5173 http://s.5173.com/search/18c1ab3be1324ac1a97981653529ab63-0-0-0-0-mi4r0b-0-0-0-a-a-a-a-a-0-unitprice_asc-0-0.shtml

KR 30 accounts are as cheap as 15 RMB, which is around $2-3 USD. 3 dollars for a month of fun, well worth

Not sure how to buy? PM me and I'll teach you step by step. It accepts WeChat, Alipay and I think they also accept Paypal
Physical rewards for challenger tier this year?
It's Tencent now. Riot is gone.
Also we are waiting on the challenger recall 
Bro wtf give riot time. The year isn't over yet. /s
They stopped because shipping 14,000 jackets was a little bit much.
Riot's a small indie company, can't afford awards for 1.250.000 Redditors
What are the most unfun champions to play against in this pre-season?
Yeah, Zoe, Malzahar and Ornn, same for me.
Ornn for sure. He's an extreme example of "tank btw" damage and is practically impossible to outtrade with that nutty max hp damage and shield. I get absolutely shit on by ornn if I'm playing a melee, even if the ornn is several divisions worse than me. I have to play against him like he were  a darius type lane bully (When darius is actually good) but then he actually scales into a team fighter.
Zoe, Ornn, Maokai, Xin, Malz, Yorick, Teemo.
i love getting 100-0'ed by leona :)
Malzahar and Rammus are skilled champion and healthy for this game 

: )
I hate Leona and Rammus. 
Leona because once you're out of her stun lock you're actually not and you're stunned again.
Rammus cause no one plays ap champs for some reason. And that bug where you see him on the other side of the mini map and all of a sudden he's in your junk. 
As a malzahar main, I like this thread.
Katarina: Spam abilities, spam e onto daggers, win fights. Add fucking gunblade to that and you will get to experience a laningphase, where you cannot use e as Lux on the backline minions, without getting instantly all-in'd.

Malzahar: Yeah, having flash on 2 minutes cd with unsealed spellbook and then just flashing onto you any time your ult is up too for a 100% kill is fun. Also, you get to have perfect cs even though you play on 200 ping, fuck AI.

Zyra: Fuck AI that is tankier than lategame adcs.

Zoe: Invisbile Crossmap e with total of like 5 seconds cc on 4 second cd in the lategame. Very fun.

Damage runes in general, that make any champion oneshot you at lvl 2.
There's a simple thing to do against Malzahar early on : kill the voidlings. This ways he won't have a good wave clear or will use too much mana using his Q to farm. Since they are really squishy, just use a cheap AoE spell to kill them (Syndra's Q come to my mind but there is others).
Played against a kennen top who rushed mallet first item. I legitimately can't think of a more obnoxious build for any champ. Course he was useless in teamfights but god damn the lane phase was so boring literally no chance to kill him as Udyr.
played 3 games of sejuani yesterday got flamed in all 3 for playing the most skilled jungler in the game. One guy even had the courage to tell me i probably play her cause i look like a pig irl. :'( .
illaoi.

Nothing to do with pre-season. Just can't seem to win vs her ._.
The normal unfun cases, there arent currently champions that are so OP they are pain to play against based on power.

Pantheon is hell if you play a champion that has bad matchup against him. Fiora vs. panth is some of the worst shit you can experience is this game. Teemo is really annoying now that he is actually pretty good and laning against malzahar also feels pretty dumb.

Cant think of anything else as i never really minded playing against flashy dashers like yasuo and kata or tanks when they arent super OP which is no longer the case.
Tahm Kench too is pretty obnoxious to face. He has very high armor and loads of base damage. Once he hits level 2 he can just straight up murder you if he gets in range. His Q is powerful ranged poke and his w does so much damage, and can also double as poke. Also, Tahm takes no damage.. when he rushes stuff like bramble and tabi, he becomes even more of a nightmare. He’s unkillable and does loads of damage 
IMO, Singed is horribly designed. Yes, let's have a champ who can slow people by about a lightyear just by having his Q up. It's not an interactive ability, it doesn't require any real skill from the Singed player, minus mana management early, which almost all champs have.
Maokai, he legit can't die and he can 1v2 our adc and midlaner.
Katarina (post-rework), Lee Sin and Vi are always the most infuriating for me no matter what part of the season we're in.
Illaoi is actually disgusting. She snowballs extremely hard, but the problem is that with the extra early game gold from klepto by lvl 6 she can RELIABLY 1v2 if she gets ganked. Basically, if you don't solo kill her before 6 you are going to be less useful than her for the remainder of the game
all champ

trynda main
Tahm kench sure is annoying to play against
I will always answer Lulu, no matter the season or patch.
I quit top lane for good when I kept going against Teemos and GPs that would just make me their bitch until I started to get items and outscale them. You'll either end up with 30 cs down or 2 deaths and 50 cs down depending on how aggressive you play the lane
Malz ult should be something on a long cooldown considering you can't even 1v1 him after he gets it because of he low cooldown.
Gnar for the last X seasons
This thread solidifies the average elo of a redditor lmao 
Ezreal is pretty oppressive still.  

I usually play him,  but on the off chance I have to play against him,  its annoying as shit. 
Pantheon. What exactly is the counter play to his kit? Free point and click poke that syngerizes with Aery and MFB, a free block for no reason, instant transmission across the map. How has he not been touched at all?
Kayn. There are already 6 chokepoints mid that you need to ward to be safe unless you're near your turret. Kayn makes it even more impossible to be safe from ganks by just running through walls and ganking you from behind even when you're not extended. He's so bursty too, so there's no real counterplay because being caught out for even a second will let him unload his kit on you. 
Ziggs
How do you counter Rammus? Simple,kite him!

What do you mean you can't kite him because he has RG + Deadman's and gets 800 MS with his Q up? Are you silver or something? Either way,then get some lifesteal and outheal his damage.

Oh right,Bramble Vest,uuh... Get Dominik's then? 

That's not stopping him from killing you for rightclicking him? Just don't right click him,then! Problem solved!

...He taunted you and killed you off the reflected damage? Get QSS and a better team to peel you.

You QSS'd his E and your team peeled him off! Great! Now it's your chance to deal som- NEVERMIND,HE JUST PULLED OFF HIS GREATEST MECHANICAL OUTPLAY: HAVING A W KEY ON HIS KEYBOARD AND A BASIC ABILITY WITH SHORT COOLDOWN THAT COMPLETELY DENIES AUTOING AS 70% OF LEAGUE'S CHAMPIONS.

Fun,isn't it?
Jayce
[deleted]
Singed. And everyone in the thread saying he takes knowledge need to stop. He doesn't.
Zoe and tank supports roaming mid (Seriously, I am done with Mobi boots. Just remove them from this game). Everything else feels fine. 


Every single AD carry. I really like getting killed in half a second by something I can't even dodge. 
Arclight Fiddlesticks [Fan-Art]
Looks cool, but kinda runs counter to his lore. As a fiddle main who wants a new skin, I'm torn.
Malthael?
I love this so much, but only as a drawing. Fiddle’s actual animations are too goofy for this.
There should be a slider for how frequent you want your champion to talk. Pulsefire Caitlyn talks way too much.
Poppy, heading back to lane after their jungler ganks for the third time: “I sure do a lot of walking.”

YES I KNOW POPPY IM DOING MY BEST
It's even better with someone like camille.

>"patience isn't a virtue... it is the virtue." 
>
>*5 seconds pass*
>
>"I'm out of patience"
>
>*repeat every minute*

Well that patience of yours lasted long.
Also..
Throw another rock!
I want rammus to talk more.  I need more "okay, alright, mhmm"  in my life
Most new Champions/reworks seem to go a little overkill on the voice lines. I don't mind some of them, but the abrasive BETTER DUCK! from Sivir every other boomerang is grating.
All I want is for star guardian jinx to stop fucking talking 
YOUR COMMANDS TIRE ME !
See, this is why I love Jhin; [he's just ASMRs you to a killing frenzy](https://streamable.com/rky1k)

EDIT: Also, fun fact; his voice actor is Quinton Flynn who has voiced Raiden in the Metal Gear series, Axel in Kingdom hearts, and my personal favorite, Kael'thas in the Warcraft series. His dialogue in [Magister's Terrace](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7W9aqPDNpeQ) still gives me chills.
That's why I main Gnar, his line are cutie and you don't care about what they mean
Gotta make Shurima great again every 30 seconds.
I like the frequency especially when someone like ekko is nearby
Sudenly i got SC2 Kerrigan flashbacks
I would love if Eve would talk more. lol
Am I the only one that tunes out all champion voices after two or three minutes into the game? I just get super focused
There should be a slider or a smite button to disable enemy voice lines... I'm Looking at you "Super" Galaxy Rumble... ~triggered~
I don't see why not considering if the talkative BUBSY of all characters can get a slider to the point he can be mute or talk tons more, why can't they add this? Of course, two different games but just a thought.
Good idea OP. as a GP player i love when he yells using E i want to hear him yell more 
Now imagine turning that slider all the way up, listening to your and others' champions talking constantly
muting champion voices would be a great xayah buff
I find that when enemy xayah and rakan lanes never shut up with the voice lines it's almost like they have some kind of interaction for every action that could possibly occur, Garen couldd die toplane and I'd be willing to bet they some kind of fucking voice line for it, like I get you two are edgy and in a relationship and i''m single and playing league geeez stop rubbing it in already

Tldr; Xayah and Rakan are more annoying than super galaxy rumble
Just like my Overwatch heroes!
I have to stop him before he does something tragic... *like uninvent headshots*
But... All I want is Zoe to say something every time I right click!
When I first play a champ I'm always super into the dialogue because it's all new and fresh. But some lines lose their polish when it's the 5th time in a game I've heard them. I don't think that Riot would want to let players increase the frequency, as that would lead to faster burnout, but I don't see any downside to letting us lower it.
Am I the only one who likes these talkative skins/champions?
I have the same problem with Sion.. i love the champion. but oh god he never shut his mouth. 
Riot needs to remove their writing budget from taunts and move it to ability / event call outs or just lower frequency

I heard kayle say into the fray 4 times in a row once
I just want them to mute Special Weapon Zac’s spawn sound
YOU BELONG IN A MUSEUM xD
And there should be a slider for your champion volume VS everyone else's, I do not want to hear Nasus every time he Qs.
I want to adjust how frequently all champions talk, not just the one I'm playing.  I don't want to mute them entirely, but if like to see it reduced to just ults and particular abilities, plus the deliberately pushed jokes/taunts/laughs 
Sivir never shuts up either...
Thats why I play kogmaw
Here’s a tip....
if only i could afford skins...u 1%
japanese ryze talks too much
I found that to be an issue, too, so I changed the language of my client to Russian. Now I love playing Omega Squad Teemo and Zed because those voice overs are just so good. Rengar has a pretty dope one, too.
just going to throw this out there... Lux... I dont know why they gave her MORE VO lines TBH
/mute self
I have the same problem with one of Morgana's skins. She screams so much, I can't play with that skin anymore.
Let us mute/adjust voice sliders of anyone in the game, *please...* someone champions are really annoying to listen to and I hate that I have to disable all voices just to disable one. ;_;
drown in pussy
I always mute them when im against them but I don't understand how Lux players can handle her ultimate skin. The stupid " ANNNNNNNNNNNDDDDD BURST!!!!!" line haunts me so much. Either they get insane from it too or they are just some sick people in this world haha

MULTIPLE TARGETS ENGAGED
reminds me of the slider in the new bubsy. At max setting it says Bubsy
To add to this Jhin should always say 4 when doing his 4th shot
And the cringe couple Xayah and Rakan, pisses me off everytime they communicate 
INTO THE FRAY
I️ just rolled ivern in aram last night.  You’re telling me 
Bang

Bang

**"BOOM, CRANIAL TRAUMA"**

Bang

Bang

**"BOOM, HEAD TRAUMA"**
I mute voice if I play xayah or rakan. It feels like they have a voice line for EVERYTHING in the game.
I've had champion voices muted since xayah and rakan
No, it shouldn't
Dont worry man. In a few patches the skin will lose half of its voice lines and particles!
imagine-
Xayah talks too much
Poppy when dueling somebody: I can do this! No getting through me! i just had a thought :D three pigtails. (Poppy the sooner you smash this Riven we can talk about getting you a different hair style so just wait please). 

After backing: Got me some hammer accessories! I JUST HAD A THOUGHT THREE PIGTAILS(OMG STAHP!!)
The most annoying thing for me is not some voiceline, it's Battlecast Kog's AA sound. Every time i lane against him, i have to turn my sound off.
Nothing comes close to PrimeTime Draven.

It is a never ending commentary. 


That's why I main Bard and not Rakan. Rakan is really annoying with Xayah. 

> Thanks babe!
Ashe just tilts me more honestly. She's loud as fuck and needs to scream every time she attacks.

**RAPIDFIREKEEPYOURHEADSDOWNSKRRRTSKRRT**
Yes, so badly. I can tolerate only a bit of talk, so given full on or full off as the only options I choose full off. Haven't heard a champion voice in game in a couple years, and it kills me that VO lines are such a big part of my legendary skins. But... Oh well, it's just plain obnoxious to hear to much chatter in game.
Build the mind

Kill the mind

Free the mind
Headhunter rengar has this thing/bug where while killing if he screams RUN!... it goes on loop for all game after. Like only thing he'lll say after every auto is RUNNNNNN! RUNNNN! RUNNNNNN!
I hate SG Jinx, she never fucking shuts up
Imagine Rammus being cranked up to 11 on that scale

OK OK OK OK OK OK ALRIGHT OK OK OK OK OK OK YEA OK OK OK OK 
Xayah and Rakan speak globally between them. It is impossible to make them shut their mouth.
I dont want vladimir to talk ever.
OMG so true, Zoe actually does not go a second without talking.
Not all angels are good
Totally agree, that elementalist lux skin is so annoying with his laughts, so tilting
Agreed, I stopped playing Dawnbringer Riven because of it.
I would sell my soul for it, if I could mute dravens so I would not have too hear them CONSTANTLY moan their asses off while they only auto. 
Make your voices into Japanese so you can have Marida-san whispering sweet nothings into your ear all game.
RISING FIRE OF THE YORDLE INFERNO SUPER MEGA DEATH ROCKETS
WERE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER.
SUPER GALAXY RUMBLE ACTIVATED
"Make me look good, and I'll make you look good, got it?"
Just mute her...

Rakan and Xayah. Not only are the dialogues frequent, they're super cringey.
when i was playing LoL for the first time, I turned off the voices because I thought Soraka said too much.

I leave them on now.

***i main karma***
Kayn.
Just turn voices off. They're only there for the 12 year olds anyway
Threads like this make me glad that I play with sound down
"I'm 5 steps ahead of you!"

*Dies to a gank didn't see coming.*

Well now we both look stupid Swain.
Play some Rammus
Xayah and Rakan my god
I muted character talking after like a week playing the game. haven't gone back it makes it so much more fun. 
This is the most petty shit ever.
Draven draven is this way, the only time ive ever gotten a free skin that i wish i could actually give back
zoe doesn't talk enough
oh man yeah , its horrible to play zoe or having xayah / rakan in the same game holy ... the new champs speak like 100 times more than old ones .
They should add this so we can make it so Aurelion Sol says boop more often.
Just give me a way to shut up xayah when I'm laning vs her please.  Nothing tilts me more than hearing her cocky quotes after she kills me.
There’s a slider for champion’s audio 
[deleted]
Super Galaxy rumble, anyone? 

As much as I love Rumble, hearing SUPER GALAXY COMBAT BREAKER every 5 seconds gets on your nerves quite quickly.
Clicking for dodge things"you have only to click once,fool",hate my main Mordekaiser for that
I just hate the sound of her headshot being ready, it's so annoying. Like why does it have to constantly play, her gun turning red is good enough. WEOWWWWWWWWWWWW.
Hahaha, oh you guys! you're gonna make Riot quit doing these funny lines...

Maybe it's that I only play vayne and she has fewer lines that I don't notice this problem as much as most of you, but I totally get what you mean.
I hate so much playing Rakan with an ADC Xayah because they don't stop talking. NEVER. 
Golden Guardians' head of esports on fielding an all-NA roster, the "add" carry incident
Userfull links:

[4:50](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=290) - The Golden State Warriors' NA LCS application

[8:59](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=539) - What do the Golden State Warriors bring to esports?

[16:37](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=997) - Why go with an all-NA roster?

[26:28](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=1588) - A lot of traditional sports orgs have failed in esports, should 
we be more skeptical of sports orgs entering esports?

[31:46](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=1906) - All about "add carries"

[41:59](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=2518) - How do you make people into Golden Guardians fans?

[45:48](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=2748) - Charisma in the NA LCS

[1:01:46](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=3706) - Do the Golden Guardians plan on espanding into other 
esports?

[1:06:18](https://youtu.be/43jMMyixDy4?t=3978) - What does the best case scenario look like for the Golden 
Guardians in 2018, beyond winning.
How the fuck is this at a 33% upvote ratio with at least 2 upvotes? 
There are plenty words that have ad that sound like add. 

agreed what the guy said and what I thought was they probably went over names like do I really say Hai "Hai" Lam? (yea dude) 

that something simple like ad carry (not a.d. carry not a d carry AD. Like look at this Ad that doritos just put out, do this ad lib party with me) could get mispronounced and it's getting irritating seeing ADD CARRY LUL every time the role is mentioned.  
Botrk Lucian or Crit Lucian
Try Blade Cleaver with Presence of Mind,solves some mana issues,actually gives u stuff for combat and allows to spam regardless of the builds usual mana-issues. I rly like it as Overheal as useless on Lucian and Triumph I think has less value for the champion.
what about lethality lucian!?
botrk everyone does that even pros
http://www.probuilds.net/champions/details/Lucian
Ban Lucian so your teammates don't pick him. I love the champ but he is AWFUL on this patch. 
High elo player with Lucian as my most played in the pre season. A lot of people run BOTRK cleaver because it covers your mistakes. Eat some bad trades in lane? Lifesteal. Get caught out by something? Hp from cleaver. I personally only play crit lucian because when played properly you have the tools to almost never get hit. The only downside to Lucian compared to other adcs is that when you're not constantly autoing you're going to get out dps'd by longer range ADCS since you have to run bloodline over alacrity. 
botrk+black cleaver lucian if you are up against tanky comps. crit lucian if youre up against squishy comps

how about dont pick lucian all his builds are bad
Lethality lucian.
Lethality Lucian is much better than botrk. Just run electrocute and you will full combo people with only duskblade.
What do Rioters do with all the art we send them for RP?
We have a wall of it up in the office. 
http://rpart.riotgames.com/na/en/
I have an mspaint of teemo framed on my desk.
http://live-rg-rpart.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Slide208.jpg 

Pretty good drawing
They put them on Marc Merril's giant ass fridge for him to delight his eyes on.
When i saw this, i couldn't stop laughing
https://imgur.com/a/hWAxO
http://live-rg-rpart.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Slide8.jpg WTF is this supposed to be LOL
I was at the riot campus in LA fairly recently. They literally have a wall covered with these drawings right by the main entrance. The Vlad pool was my favorite of the lot they had displayed
[This](http://live-rg-rpart.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Slide11.jpg) will always be the greatest masterpiece they've ever gotten
[My new spirit animal.](http://live-rg-rpart.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Slide209.jpg)
[They gave them their own spotlight/montage.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_4GOOgLQOs) :')
http://live-rg-rpart.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Slide168.jpg

Lol.
https://imgur.com/a/T3nGF

Ok this one is actually pretty good
They are going to replace all splash arts with RP art on April Fools confirmed
[GESHION](http://live-rg-rpart.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Slide320.jpg)
I got the best one 

https://imgur.com/a/Xib77
They put in on a giant fridge.
They prolly sell them for a high price to rich people 
Share it.
the shuffling gave me eye cancer
What I want to know, is if there is an option to search pictures based on champs. I kinda wanna see what some champs got over others.
Is the website updated? Or is it the same pics over and over? If it's updated, are old ones deleted/archived from the page?
There’s like 10,000+ slides according to who I was talking to.
You can really tell that this person mains vlad.
glance at them and drop them into a folder
Sell it for bitcoins
They have a really big fridge in the break room
They beat off on it in a scrap book 
They hang it up on their wall at the HQ! 
I clicked on the make your own and I'm pretty happy with what I made:

https://imgur.com/a/SdLlr
We hang them in the offices too. When you walk into different campuses you can see some pictures with the summoner names. 
They have a giant fridge?
THEY BURN AND CREATE THE RP WITH THE ASHES
If only they had a web series where they showcased what other summoners had made and could show it to us. And it could be hosted by a chick with a bubbly personality and Freak could show up and flex on all you fools.... [miss you Nika :(](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epSUmuVIYbU&list=PL204514CEE757C09B) also this was 6 years ago...good god i have been playing WAY to fucking long.
I feel like it gets used for rituals, people with money/power are always into this kind of things.
you mean "art" not art 
I sent in a poem. Wonder what they did with that 🤔
WHy has nobody posted this..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_4GOOgLQOs
lick it. hard.
Pro tip: If your jungler pings you away from Dragon or Baron he usually has a good reasons for it and you should react.
No one listens to my pings, why should I listen to theirs!
Just walk away from the pit. Its on them if they continue.
I've had on numerous occasions a jungler like Warwick or Nocturne chase a support into base instead of going to Baron and throwing the game dying as their whole team respawns and murders him.

Or pings us to do Baron and we all get wiped because we didn't push lanes or get the right turn around. 

So even though most junglers are better at determining when to get neutral monsters, I mostly rely on the better shotcaller in game (whoever that turns out to be as the game progresses) than JUST the jungler. Sometimes that's the mid, sometimes that's the jungler, sometimes that's the support. 
Only thing that pisses me off is when junglers ping you off even though they have smite up and are at the same level as the other jungler just because they got out smited previously. Like nah bitch you better come and try again. I cant count how many times junglers refuse to get objectives because they are afraid of missing smite. This is in lower elo's though, not plat and above.
As a jungler main it works both ways.
Its not hard to ward around baron, over the wall and to the sides and make a pick on the other jungler waiting to dash over the wall.
And if they come straight down river, then team fight. 

It is said many times before, that if your team mates commit to a call and you walk away then you are the one whos wrong . 
Or i could keep going, die and lose the game.

It's obvious that i would pick the choice that loses the game and therefore ends the game faster. Then i can spend my time with other things.
How to use minion dematerializer?
Dont
It increases damage permanently to a certain type of minions. If you have wave clear problems you can use it in the ranges creeps to one shot them (in Lux's case).
I like playing TF can you explain what minions he uses it on?
I sometimes use it on Velkoz. Use it on the melee minions since the w procs twice it makes the wave clear ever more quick.
I thought of using it to reach lv2 instantly when the sec wave come in but it's disabled

So use it for lv6? Idk
Don't, it's underpowered.
The only champion it should be used on is Heimer. Cannon minions can fuck his turrets up, that shit can be used to get rid of them. Other than that it's a waste of rune slot.
I use it on support Zoe to get spellthief bubbles early on. 
I think they added this rune so supports like rakan or thresh can use the relic shield but its underpowered its not as good as the passive of relic shield you cant just one shot kill a half hp minion. 
Honor capsule - 2 Sivir chards
hey nice you can get her to mastery 7.
You're just unlucky I guess, my girlfriend has like 3 sivir shards too.
Yeah I got 2 ryze shards. 180be. Woo. Hype. 
I got 2 cho'gath shards and I own him already. 
From the naughty or nice quest u get a chest and key I got 1 Janna shard I think u got a better deal than me
I'm ready to get to mastery 10 with singed, 5 singed shards. 
And 2-5 key fragments. But I guess the circlejerk woudnt be as strong if you mentioned that.
EU LCS 2018 Spring Split Predictions
Minitroupax is a talent for sure, but best ADC in Europe? Pal, are you Portuguese?
The only people I see who overhype their countrymen this much in league are Brazilians and Portuguese (for whatever reason)
> 9 Unicorns Of Love: Okay, so im placing them this far down because i dont like this roster at all. Korean support for no reason,

just curious who would u take as support that is a free agent?
1. G2 

2.FNC 

3.S04 

4.MSF 

rest I don't care
Alphari to 1v5 carry on a champ that hasn't been released yet and win summer finals. Is my out there prediction.
1. FNC
2. S04
3. G2
4. MSF
5. Splyce

Rest idek
I stopped at Minitroupax > Rekkles.

Make a bold prediction thread next time ;)
Your prediction looks kinda random. Misfits or Fnatic has the strongest rosters for spring split (we have to remember that G2 roster isn't G2, its more like Roccat with Wunder, Jankos and Perkz). G2, S04 and Splyce will need some time to build chemistry etc. In my opinion UOL still is much stronger than Roccat and H2K.

I would say: 1. Fnatic, 2. Misfits, 3. G2, 4. S04, 5. Vitality, 6. Splyce, 7. UOL, 8. H2K, 9. Roccat, 10. Giants.
1)MSF

2)G2

3)S04 

4)FNC

5)SPY

6)VIT

7)ROCCAT

8)UOL

9)H2K

10)GIA
This is pretty solid rankings and similiar to mine. I am not sure about FNC because they had clear problems last year and they didnt change much so it is question if they can be so high.
I lost it on Troupax being best adc eu,bro basically vitality barely won LVP how are they gonna beat teams like Scchalke or Missfits who challenged skt xd? Troupax is great talent who is smart and well rounded but totally unproven in LCS ,
1. Fnatic

2-10. Doesn't matter

^^^i ^^^believe ^^^in ^^^my ^^^boys
1. **G2 Esports** - Really stacked roster. The Mid-Jungle duo can destroy anyone and they got a strong bot-lane too. Their weakness is in the top lane, but it's still not that bad.

2. **Misfits** - Getting Sencux is basically like having POE but with a larger champion pool. Mikyx proved it already that he can compete on a high level. The rest of the roster is the same. Their weakest point is also the Top lane.

3. **Schalke 04** - They got really good veteran players, and great talent in the whole team. I feel like they will do really well this split. They also have a lot of support from the org, with a great coaching staff.

4. **Fnatic** - They are technically the same as last year. I feel like they will be mediocre during most of the split and maybe start showing their strengths towards the end (the Soaz playoff buff). People are overrating them a bit tbh. Broxah really needs the meta to be around him, or else he can't do much. 

5. **Vitality** - They got some new names, so it's hard to judge them. Vit would look like a typical "middle of the pack" team for me, but they got God Gilius. This is why they have the potential to be strong.

6. **Roccat** - Same as Vitality. The 2 koreans are good, but it might cause some communication problems. I'm not sure that they can be the next Huni/RO. Norskeren is underrated.

7. **Splyce** - Xerxe is overrated and the rest of the team looks okay-ish. Kasing are not as good as they were before and Nisqy will get destroyed in the mid. If they have a good synergy, they can get ahead of Vit and Roc, but that's all.

8. **Unicorns of Love** - All their players are mediocre, except Exileh. He is bad. Really bad. They might pull a miracle here and there, but they won't get higher than 8th.

9. **Giants** - People are sleeping on Betsy. He has a lot of potential in a strong team. The problem is that this isn't one. Steelback and Djoko are super-meh. 

10. **H2k** - xd team. It's like Elements, but even worse.

These are my predictions. 
[Interview] Former EnVyUs Head Coach viOLet: “The boy who came with his father to watch the game made me start coaching.”
no comment in 4 hours nows my time to shine hi mom
But...from what I know the players did literally everything for him...
That used to do down diiirty things with roaches back in his days as a pro gamer
Just an Urgot helping Thresh to get out
it would be funn y if there was a bugg and thresh also got executed

#*"WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"*
It's amazing how much different not tilting makes
lose is improve!

win is also improve!

mute all for easy sanity.
As a jungler I approve of this. Nothing makes me want to help less than a flaming hyper aggressive guy who spam pings


Who knew that not selling all your items and afk'ing in your base at the first sign of adversity would lead to less lost games
So just deciding not to tilt, sounds easy but is not
Yeah... Been playing a long time. Lately I've been real salty I guess and just got chat restricted 10 games for the first time. When I read the chat log they send with your ban I was like.."holy shit that's bad". 

And ya know. I'm sitting here flaming the absolute fuck out of people that are ruining the game or whatever but it doesn't accomplish anything. They aren't gonna stop whatever it is in time for us to still win. 

Not being able to type and just focusing on my own game I felt like I was playing better. And I don't -really- want to be a raging dick head anyway so I'm gonna try to chat as little as possible even though my restriction is up.

Getting my account banned would seriously feel horrible.
* I'm an ADC main and never ask for the jungler. Just think of it like this, he will come when he thinks it's right, or when he can. In the meantime, he helps other lanes and bot lane plays safe. If he comes then so much the better and we can get ahead. If you are not able to stay safe, then you don't deserve a jungler :D!
* I stopped flaming a few months ago and it is so good. Even when someone feeds or trolls, just keep it calm. Focus on what you can do. If someone makes mistakes, encourage them by saying np, and mainly focus on your own game. 
My most recent tactic is, to make everyone laugh, by saying something about the other team or my own flaws (if i'm actually not feeding, so i don't tilt them). Then everyone will be relaxed and we have a better chance at winning. 
* Result: 71% winrate in preseason!!!
Who does one “decide not to tilt”
its almost like keeping a calm and collected mind allows you to complete tasks more effeciently 
i smell a new meme
Soon you will become Challeng~~er~~ed like the rest of us redditors
Imo it also makes the game a lot more fun plus realizing I didn't care about being the best anymore helped me personally. 2 seasons ago I was trying so hard to get to the highest rank I could (ended up plat 2) but i got mad so much from it. Last season i decided i didnt care about ranked anymore and only wanted the gold rewards so I've just gotten the gold rewards and then played for fun and I've enjoyed the game a lot more since I don't get angry at it.
lucky , never took a long break from league but i have played significantly less nowdays , playing portal and other games i grabbed on steam sale (considering buying civ V bundle and get off lol for longer period of time ) 

after not playing a fiew days like that i came back to league and just playing URF mode made my blood boil, didnt say anthing but god i realised how annoying league players actually are.

been hovering low dia high plat for three seasons now and its like if i use /mute all i enjoy my games more.  without it every player i play with considers themselves a god , but jesus christ its hard .
 i forget about it the next game but league is just not pleseant.

hopefully when new season starts when i will be unranked i will be able to have more casual normal games because if i queue with my buddies we get full on high plat tryhards in normal games that only spam one champion and unless we play our mains too we dont have much chance 
Was stuck in bronze for 10 months, started playing meta champs and not tilting and went all the way up to silver 2, 40 LP
Yeah for a little while I used to freak out and play like crap even after losing first blood or first turret. Ever since I came back from like 20-30 kills down in a game tho I realized it's never over and the enemy team can always screw up enough that you can get back into it. Also wards, warding constantly saves my team so much:) 
Are you saying [these](http://www.swansontoolco.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/TL011_300_horiz.jpg) increase your elo?
Tilting is a choice. 
Similar thing happened to me: I was always dwelling in silver and gold elo but then suddenly I decided to get good and play very well. And to my surprise I really started to win games! If only someone woulda told me
Started muting all and pings, I play so much better not listening to everyone's BS 
Yeah I remember back in season 2 I always got so anxious and upset whenever I played ranked. So I decided to make a new account where nothing mattered except having fun, and to my surprise my rating instantly shot up from bronze to gold in very few games simply because taking the game too seriously to the point where you start getting upset makes you play a lot worse. Since then I've never really taken the games super seriously, and it is both much more fun that way, and also way easier to win games that way.
*How long ago when i was bronze 5, and look at me now*
I just get high as fuck and laugh at everything. Makes the game more enjoyable and more wins from not tilting
but are you still in bronze tho?
Any more information on how exactly took steps to not tilt? I'm sure a lot of players would benefit from this.
What is it like in Bronze IV?
I feel like getting tilted in league is pretty natural, a change in mentality helps ease it. Some things I like to do is read a chapter of a book, watch funny vids tv show or movie, eat even if you arent hungry eating even just 1 carrot or cookie or w/e makes your brain happy. And of course masturbation, nothing stops tilitng better than some riven rule 34.
I’ve played this game a long time. this will be my 5th full ranked season I’ll be a part of and I promise you the game is so much more enjoyable when you just decide to not give a fuck. Feeding top laner? Oh well. Mid lane jayce has a Morelos? Who cares. Just play your game and good things will happen.

Also I saw this on the front page yesterday but I think it’s worth saying again. After your first death just mute all. It’ll save you A LOT of grief.
Mid season 5, I was hardstuck in silver 5, one day i got up and told myself I would play tiltfree, and then climbed from S5 to Gold within 2 weeks. 

Twas lit. 
Try not tilting in EUNE low dia.
The problem is not tilting though.
wait until platinum.
Russian trolls misleading the public once again...
Would also recommend checking out r/summonerschool to aid in your climb.
Preseason's was easier than normal season because nobody good plays in preseason

source: was bronze 5 now am bronze 4
the grammar in the title of this post tilted me lul
not tilting and when you have nothing to do in lane leave lane and make a play somewhere or look for an objective helps loads there are so many people I will see push a lane so far with no vision and when they get caught just say "I have to farm I cant just sit in spawn" like jesus you can leave lane
Sometimes I wish mute all could be toggled in the settings permanently. I genuinely lose my ability to concentrate when people start tilting. Then my game kinda becomes a farm simulator until we lose.
I have a pretty old PC and all I really play is ARAM, I'm shocked at how many people become tilted in that when it's suppose to be in my opinion for fun and a different way to enjoy the game.
remember the name "IConsumeFeces"
The worst thing is that when i tilt i say to myself that its gg the game is lost and somehow i manage to win. And then there are games where i say its winnable and i end up losing. 
Yea that'll only get you so far once you really wanna climb and can't, you will seep back until you realize the highest you ever can be is g3, can't even have a good carry game anymore. hml
I think I've pretty much achieved tilt-proof status. Only really get angry at the game when people display subhuman characteristics or when ~~unknown ability interactions~~ game-altering bugs happen. 
I think it’s crazy when a laner blames the jungler when they lose THEIR lane. I understand that the role of the jungler is to assist your lanes but if you die before I even finish my first buffs or are always pushed up with no wards in the river/bushes then it’s 99.99% your fault if you keep dying in lane. I’m not going to sit in your lane and baby sit you through laning phase, it’s your job to play safe and it’s my job to farm up for gold/levels and gank when there is an opportunity.
I think hard not to tilt only in one situation: it is when I am carrying, killing, pushing and not dying, but my whole team is dying and feeding like if they screens was turned off. This break my will to win, I am giving my best while they are doing anything else without a trace of strategy.
/fullmute all is your best friend, type is at the beginning of every game, easiest freelo of your life
Becoming immune to tilt is like giving up smoking or alcohol: You never truly stop wanting, every day is a new day where you could fail, but you won't, because you're better than that.
Anyone else had the thought that giving into rage/flaming is like giving into the dark side of star wars lol? See how easy it is to actually give in
was stuck in bronze V. then I plugged in my keyboard
The calm Christmas music on the winter map at the moment helps me a lot to not tilt. I hope it stays forever 
I play almost exclusively normal in preseason, and I've realized if you get all of your toxic banter out in norms, then you head into ranked super relaxed and just focused purely on your champion and what you have to do to win. I don't mute people because I often want to help people coordinate around the map to make plays
Lose every game for 2 months (lost like 80 games, win around 5) Get around 10 ragequitters per 15 games. Try some fun modes to relax but lose every single game as well. If you can still not tilt after that, you have my utmost respect. 
I got new chair recently that doesn't tilt. I feel much more comfortable in it  balance is really important and posture helps too. 
Just taking ranked less seriously has helped me climb. I try to laugh when I do something stupid, or see someone else do something stupid. When people start raging I usually mute them and when I can tell I'm playing bad/tilting I take a break or play some ARAM/featured game type. 
if u think tilting is something you can just decide to not do youve never been tilted
Maybe the meta just suits you more. Unless you're literally throwing games bcuz ur tilted u r not going to just magically climb a division+ 
"See you in the LCS next season."    OMFG, IM FUCKING DEAD
cool story bro. goodluck making whole euw non 'toxic' thats like people finding a cure for cancer. nowhere to be found
Damn what a nice trick..

Gosh what has reddit become..

Ofcourse not tilting is better. Thats like saying „I decided to play with both hands. Im so better doing that!!!“
So cute. You haven't hit D5 yet bahahaha
Thorin's Thoughts - Why the EU LCS Is Failing (LoL)
I personally love his idea to make the EU region a series of smaller weekend length tournaments that would lead to a playoffs between the best teams just before MSI and world's. It makes for much more interesting narrative in my opinion. If they had a tournament every two weeks then that would total to about 4 or 5 with the potential of having one single champion in each of them , rather that than having only 1 victor through a long and boring 13 or more week split. Anyone who watched League in season 2 or CSGO now would understand where im coming from.
lmao that intro

11/10
Haven’t watched the video yet, is this just him saying he want it to go back to an open circuit for the 50th time?
I don't buy it. Not saying he's doing it deliberately, but it always seems like he oversells this every time he mentions it, and I think that comes from it being the ecosystem he thrives in and that he grew in.

With how terrible the early part of Dota's pro circuit has been I just don't think it's a positive; the tiny tournaments meaning stacked qualifiers with only few spots crowding out the room for smaller teams to grow. Not only that, but it's a less convenient viewing experience for viewers, less exposure for investors, and a more stressful time for players with longer downtimes and yet still shorter prep times.
I dont know why everyone wants to change the league structure in eu.
Small tournaments that lead to playoffs for example wouldnt make me really care about these tournaments. Because why should i? 
I don't like his whole Europe is 12 timezones argument. He specifically excludes Hawaii in the American timezones but doesn't do the same for Russia despite over 90% of the population of Russia live on the west side of the Ural mountains which would basically halve the 12 timezones to 6. Also, he excludes Alaska's timezone in this.
I love Thorin but a player like Bjergson isn't going to move to Denmark to play in a LAN circuit even if they get the perk of living in their home town.
Something I feel he misses in his post and I don't often see talked about, is popularity of the players in each respective region. Half the reason I watch and care about C9 is because I watch Sneaky's streams and feel a bond toward whatever club hes on. Similarly in soccer, many people are Barca or Real Madrid fans because of either Messi or Ronaldo.
I feel that currently NA has more brand appeal with their players. Sneaky Bjergsen and Doublelift stream fairly often to large audiences whereas in the EU scene, I feel big name personalities are missing which could draw more viewership to the scene

reminds me of season 2  
that was such a great time
Don't they have like automatic auto-mobiles in the paradise for like 20+ years now ?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEG-JvtXtKU
Russians can’t even play in the EU LCS right? So many visa problems.
 It's amazing to me how this guy literally makes a living out of talking out of his ass.
League format is simply stale and redundant. Ive been slowly losing interest since 2014 when Korea had awesome circuit back then.

Id rather have 4 LCS splits as a tournament which then leads into international tournament. You basically have four majors equivalent to Tennis Grand slams


The eulcs is failing?
Good video from Thorin, this needs to be higher up.
if EU was poaching NA players every season there'd be anti poaching rules from Riot within a week

they are intentionally killing eulcs and trying to get the eu adience for NA

they dont care about the competitiveness its all about the numbers of views and marketting

I know I know, theyre a BUSSINESS and they need to make money

and they choose to do so in what to them seems like the easiest way possible with 0 respect for EU fanbase in this

its disgusting. 

getting downvoted but its the goddamn truth 
Lan circuit with like 6 tournaments in e.g london berlin paris stockholm amsterdam and katowice or whatever would be an awesome idea.

You could let all teams participate plus maybe 2 „challenger teams“ which qualify.

After each tournament placings decide who gets how many points.

after all 6 tournaments have been played out we have a playoffs with the top6 teams.

that trains teams for worlds/msi. You can introduce challenger or academy teams to the playing field and show fresh talent to the scene. Would be hella exciting in my opinion
Would something like the GSL format be viable for League?
I wonder how EU LCS will be like sounds like It's going to be a mess this year.
In the beginning of the video, he acknowledges that Riot is biased towards NA. I don't understand why he keeps talking after that.

If Riot wants NA to be the best region in the world, they will have to sabotage the three regions that have consistently been better - EU, LPL and LCK. In EU, they do that by ridiculous format changes and by constantly raising doubts about the future of the league. To knock Korea down a notch or two, they have decided to shut OGN out. This has started in 2015, I don't know why people don't see this.
EU LCS is controlled by Riot NA.... nothing more must be said!
Says nothing about how Europe is terrible at showing off their players and talent, every NA team is releasing a ton of content and barely any EU teams are. And in general the content isn't good when they release it.
Do we really need a 25 minute video to say Riot EU?
What I was expecting in this thread::

Endless posts by EU fanboys and their conspiracies as to why their league is boring as shit and no one watches it other than the obvious fact that EU has almost no exciting players compared to NA with actual history and personalities.

Doublelift and Bjergsen probably have more fans than every EU player not named Rekkless combined...that's why no one is watching..because like every sport in the world, people watch for their favorite players, not because of the "prestige" of the league or international performance...People want to watch their favorite players play...EU has very few popular players.
the eu lcs is failing because eu players are boring and don't communicate with fans
question is wrong, because it's not failing.
Maybe the EU teams do not exploit the popularity of their players enough. Most NA teams have their players streaming on twitch. They make YouTube videos and many other things. Therefor EU teams are unable to really bind fans to their team. In the early days of league (S1 - S3) there was a massive potential for  EU teams. We had fNatic, SK gaming, CLG eu, Moscos5, ... I mean those were teams with a massive fanbase. And yet that seems to have disapeared. 
[removed]
The problem is that nobody in the EU identifies as a European (besides trolls in twitch chats trying to rile up NA trolls) and none of the countries in the EU are native English speaking. Hell the only native English speaking European country wants to leave the EU, lmao.

The only way for EU to work would be to create a national team for each participating country. I would support/watch the shit out of a Dutch team as I identifiy myself as Dutch, not European. And that goes for all the countries in the EU.

And if I want to watch an English stream, I'd rather watch the more professional one from NA, where all the players, staff and casters speak fluently English. I only have so much time to invest in e-sports, and considering there is nothing culturaly, geographically or language binding/drawing me to EU teams, I choose to rather watch NA.
Stopped watching when the guy started claiming people would rather invest into CS:GO for the "future of esports" and there is much more investment in that scene. So deluded.  
1st) You don't need a couple minions to buy a league spot in cs:go like you do in LCS  
2nd) LoL average salaries are insane and according to Perkz they are even going to triple this next year so it's much cheaper to assemble 5 players in cs:go, also don't come with your GODSENT lvl teams and call it a powerhouse investor, its ridiculous when you compare those orgs to something like Shalke for example, again deluded  
3rd) If EULCS is failing then i don't know what to say about cs:go, steam player numbers are down, twitch numbers are down, and can't remember last time cs:go showed some decent viewership for their last tournaments  
Future of esports my ass 
no.
Dw he puts a "lol" when it’s not funny at all
 Thorin is so very wrong about time zones.

The united states has two population centers on both coasts, and one  vertically in the middle. This spans 4 time zones.

Spain to Poland (according to a map I'm looking at, let me know if I'm wrong) all comprise of one time zone. That population alone should be more than NA.
Panunu (Gragas) 2000IQ double Zhonyas play
[YouTube mirror](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2XK_kJ7WrQ)
***
boop beep.

5m. Yeah, I said it!
NA/EU season 8 bold predictions
no team will be relegated
alright here we go:
licorice will smash every single other toplaner in the LCS and C9 wins spring split.
100T crashes and burns with their starting roster, both flyquest and optic make playoffs, either moon or inori get a starting spot, one of feniX/Fly/poe performs terribly, 100T fields levi/linsanity, GGS reveals a 10 man roster, echo fox doesn't tilt 

I think playoffs will be TSM-TL-FOX-CLG-FLY-OPTIC
Bold predictions?

Team Liquid with come 4th.
Team Liquid will ones again be midiocre and TSM won't be the god team everyone is hoping them to be.

G2 will be a flop early on in the season and will progress troughout the split, tho Youngbuck will be signed as coach again for the summer split and for a long period Splyce and Misfits will be the teams to beat. Schalke04 will become a super team beginning from the middle point of the split, but early on will linger behind the aforementioned teams. Fnatic will finish 5th.
UOL will reach at least semifinals again
EU: Splyce will make Top 2.  
  
NA: TSM won't make it to the final for the first time.
1. Liquid Wins Spring goes to MSI and crushes most non korean teams 

2. TSM goes full S6 spring full tilt and requires the regi god intervention 

3. All of the Former TSM players crush their former team 

4. FNC will win both EULCS Splits 

5. TSM (finally) makes it out of groups only to get bitchslapped outta worlds by TL (in quarters)  who then go on to win the tourney 
CLG wins spring split, gets 2nd at msi
NA seems supreme yet again, but EU trumps them at worlds

E: oh wait, bold...
Huni comes back with a vengeance and smashes all other top lanes. 
TSM and G2 don't make worlds, MSF goes to world finals.
TSM won't win spring split
Giants will reach playoffs
Schalke will win the split, with Upset getting rookie of the split. 
EU will have more viewers than NA.
Golden Guardians make it to semis in playoffs
TSM will swap MY in middle of spring split. That's a guarantee.  
Vitality at least semifinals
TSM barely making it into Worlds as 3rd seed by playing the gauntlet only to win the whole thing.
At least one of the 3 (TSM, C9, CLG) will not make playoffs
G2 and team liquid to get knocked out in quarters after really strong seasons.
TL (1st seed) beats TSM (4th seed) in NALCS semifinals to break TSM’s finals streak
ITT: People not understanding what "bold" means.
NA will be the same level as last year. A tier below China and Korea but level with EU. TSM will dominate the region once again, CLG and Liquid will disappoint, they might make top 3 but they won't be solid internationally. Only C9 and TSM will have a realistic chance of making quaters at worlds. 
TSM will win Na LCS but will fail to get out of groups at worlds
EU: Schalke will barely make playoffs, they won't build synergy. Vitality will be dark horse during regular split, but they will fail playoff run. 

NA: TSM won't be that good, MikeYeung will be replaced fast, CLG will be very strong, possibly winning the split. Dardoch will become less toxic and echo fox will be top4-5
**NA:**

100T benches Meteos and Ryu mid-split for Levi and Linsanity, and NA sees the first new NA mid take the rift in like 2+ years. To be honest, I don't even think this is that bold, Linsanity and Levi want it way more than Meteos and Ryu, who seem like they're just playing for the money at this point.

**EU:**

Roccat does way better than expected and makes playoffs. I actually think their roster isn't as bad as people say it is, most of them were on really dreadful teams last year. Blanc and Profit are solid and with a jungler like Memento instead of Kirei or Shook, I think they will look waaaaaay better. Also, Profit's English is probably a lot better than before now that he has a split under his belt. Norskeren showed a lot of promise in EUCS as well.
TSM will go 18-0.
LCK Commentator CloudTemplar: "I want to invest everything I have into League. I want to be a part of it until the very end."
Riot must hire him with a high salary.
After reading "I want to invest everything I have" I was worried it would say Bitcoin, after that other article on ikssu.  
this man is a legend, i hope he will be casting for Riot after all changes in Korea. 
I don't understand Korean but I love CloudTemplar's analysis and stuff
Cloudtemplar is literally the Jatt of Korea. He was a founding member of one of the original pro teams in Korea. He's beloved by fans as a caster. Riot please give this man a job.
Does anyone know what the "incident regarding his stream" was?
That Leblanc analogy is fucking money!
[deleted]
is the only way to 'invest' in league right now to buy shares of tencent?
I want.. doesn't mean I will..
Sounds like King Varian
[removed]
Ligando Legendo the new bitcoin boys
Giants Roster for EULCS
Actually funny how Vitality signed the spanish champions and how Giants signed 3 french players.
Djoko still manages to get recruited, lel
Ruin - Djoko - Betsy - Steeelback - Targamas for those who don't want to click the link
I think that Steelback, Betsy and Targamas are all decent and are goodp pickups, but I really am not a fan of Djoko and think they should have gotten Shook.
Im still baffled MagiFelix didnt get a shot since he's, imo, better than some of these mids in lower teams but I hope Steelback has a resurgance and its gonna be fun to see Targamas. More new talents is fun, esp in support.
Giants song for this split: Relegations by Post Malone
The fact they got Djoko instead of Moojin puts them from a 7th place team to a 9th/10th.
We got our 10th place team 
It's sad that we are stuck with this roster for a year because spring split promotion tournament doesnt exist anymore.
At this point Djoko is beating Sprattel in the “why does this guy still have a job” war.
Even Mad Lions would beat this team. What a joke of a roster nah
This is why we need relegations now we have to watch this dumpster team for 1 year 
Betsy is ok,
steelback can't shine if he has a crappy supp,
djoko downright bad,
ruin just your avg korean good in cs shit on lcs.

overall a bottom tier team, there is the slight chance of "omg we got a korean god", but i dont see it happening and if it does we know giants will sell him right away
Guess Giants can only avoid 9/10th place if they convince Riot to bring back the sustain mage mid meta. Dont see anything other than Betsy on his swain or vladimir carry this team.
If you have nothing nice to say, say nothing. 

Good Luck, boys and stick it through. 
Imagine going from Djoko/Betsy to MooJin/MagiFelix that team could rival top 5, now I can't see them getting above 9th..
Stoked that Betsy found a team. Dude isn't a God by any means but he's always been really fun to watch.
Giants should have picked up Moojin or something, Djoko is so unimpressive. I think a lot of people will think this team is good because Steeelback/Betsy have had good splits in the past but I'm not as hopeful they can regain their form. Don't know how Magefelix didn't get picked up...
should have signed a different jungler, maybe another rookie or Kirei
we've found our relegation squad
aaaand its down. good job boys.
never have I seen giants so small
Man.. all I was hoping for was for NighT to return.. Now I'm sad...
MY TEAM! I LIKE VERY MUCH!
H2K, Roccat and Giants are going to have an INTeresting fight for that sweet, not relegated last place
never watched a GamersOrigin game so not sure about Targamas but  seems like an okay lineup. Wont challenge for the title or worlds but probably could make playoffs
Happy for Targamas, young french rookie with big potential !
Jungle/mid is a huge downgrade, bottom of the table team
Giants Betsy, looks like I have to support Giants 
Djoko needs to step up a lot and Betsy and Steelback need to start to do something to avoid 10 th place in LCS. Imo ROC roster is better than this.
Probably not a playoffs team when comparing to other rosters
502 bad gateway. nice roster tho
Alright, if not Giants,  then where the hell does Selfie go
BETSY ON GIANTS......I think im sick......
gia: why vit why
Looks like very good! Cheers!
Pretty decent team. Have my doubts about Djoko, but Betsy and Steelback are both very solid players.

Buena suerte!
Ever since they qualified with friggin Pepiinero during season 5 on their roster I thought Giants isn't worthy of LCS. If it wasn't for season 5 stupid relegatuon system we would probably still have Copenhagen Wolves playing in the LCS...
Betsy can be good, Steelback can be good, Ruin can probably be good

This team will only go as far as Targamas and Djoko can go
Well, even if we consider this team to be 10th, this is much better roster than nip, mm, origen or giants from spring 2017 had 
This team is on par with Out of the Blue, disappointing.
I remember when Djoko was rising and everyone thought he was really good and now everyone thinks hes shit lol
Huge upgrade in support. Not convinced about top/jg
The difference between bottom teams in NA and EU makes me depressed

NA literally has Levi in academy roster and players like Lira on bottom tier teams while we have garbage like Djoko or Sprattel

$CS
Targamas is huge huge, was easily the best support out of LCS

Betsy/Steeelback are veterans looking to prove themselves and that used to be on top teams

Top/Jungle is questionmark for me
Still no Marin!
last place.
LOLL! What happened to Giants MARIN EU? 
Have they all tatooed their necks?
better than vit lol
imagine watching eulcs in 2018
53 minute game winning 5 man Orianna shockwave
[Meanwhile my team in soloq is like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORbS7ZdgKRQ)

Granted, this is a year old clip (old zac R), but it still makes me laugh how oblivious to the ball all four of them were
Forellenlord would be proud, son <3 
damn nice shockwave
mirror plz

The patience of this oriana. The taunt was already on the backline yet she waited for the enemy team to collapse and defend the carrys. A fucking genius in my book
Best of Caps | Baby Faker - League of Legends
Under the right circumstances(leadership and coaches) I think Caps can become an insane player. Hopefully, Fnatic provides him with that!
gotta love claps

but don't forget to report craps
Most promising talent,probably best mechanics in west,but is missing some of experience of not making some bad calls,looking forward seeing him s8
#SoloDrake Warwick Level 2 Guide (before 2 wave of minions) before 3:20 check channel for more
Items?
In some way funny and interesting but I'm not sure if its worth it. You f**k up your jungle path and the risk to get catched is very high IMO. Depends a lot on your elo. 
Runes? Do they matter?
Mate, stop doing clickbait trashy thumbnails.
This really isn’t all that new of a concept; once people figured out how much healing new WW’s kit had, this began popping up very soon after. 
This has been doable from the new WW launch. I only do not understand the point on going potion as WW. Go with the hp regen to rush Tiamat. And yeah, as already said, it's doable but you should not pick WW and always insta go to lvl 2 baron. Gotta check where the jungler started, are other lanes pushing in etc etc. So many factors. And even if you are capable of clapping the drake, you still may die to the enemy jungler and that's a huge set back. But yeah, as you said, just a guide :)
Eh, how can you call this shit a guide ? 
You can't see anything in the video expect for you rightclicking and Q'ing jungle monsters.
And what you're doing is braindead eays, wtf...
TIL that you can right click on a champ during select to mark them as favorite (also really useful to find your ban fast)
Sona favorited for reasons unbeknownst to me
I suck at favouriting champions, I now have more champions favourited as support than the game actually offers as support. 
Gems from the past?
[Shushei bodyslams HosaN](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lf5_PejI3eM)
[Detective Ashe is on the case](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmzLeDWk-nA)
[Peke's legendary Xerath](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrgCoWBl4r8)
Anything from SsethTzeentach, really.

[Shen Free Week](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpGqo8DmjN8)

[Spawn Karthus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xi0TIoL3yhw)

[Lizard Wizard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpSIKBF1IiA)
[MacLaren's Anivia Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGLROijkLHg)
imaqtpie gives advice on how to improve as a player
He says just walk up to them but I've been doing that every time and I go negative 
666 crits seems legit
This is how I've gotten better at playing tanks.  
As an adc/mid lane player:
"Wow, tanks are so strong, I can't kill them and they just walk on me while their team kills me"  
As an adc player:  
"Fucking hell these tp are killing the shit out of my lane. and my fucking tower is gone first again. PING PING PING HELP UUUUSS"

And now, coming back to top lane after lots more playtime:  
"**Run it in boys! Beep Beep tank coming through! CC you! CC youuu! BLAM, Gettim'! Now that one! AHAAHAHAHAHA"**
Important to note, that this only works if you actually take risks and play to improve. if you aren't self critical and aren't taking risks that improve your play you will stop getting better past a certain point. 

Just straight up playing will only get you so far. Using your brain and playing will likely get you out of bronze/silver but if you have higher aspirations you have to try things that might result in a misplay. 

Knowledge also only gets you so far(even though it's the most important). If your mechanics don't keep up with your mind you will climb much much slower.

QT does not mean you simply just play 2000 games and you'll get good. If that was the case people like Sherrif Buford wouldn't exist. 
[YouTube mirror](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2APyvv2moWY)
***
boop beep.

5m. Yeah, I said it!
Get good in
I wish there was an option to show fog of war in competitive.
He's kind of saying this in a funny way but as a diamond player one large mistake in lower mmr's is that when people *do* end up getting fed they don't know how to abuse their lead to snowball further and close out the match.

He has a point in the clip. He's smart enough to know that he can walk up, face tank tower shots, and even flash to secure a kill. In lower levels people would be scared and not do that, the azir would end up wave clearing, and the game would stall out longer.
I expected a simple "git gud"
The fear to make mistakes is what holds most back...
best advice to anyone:

Improvement is when you get better. This means you have to learn. When you die, it is YOUR fault. avoid doing the same thing next time. Don't worry about or rely too heavily on your team. One mistake that gets your team aced late game is MUCH worse than "feeding" in lane.

This seems self-evident. But tons of players claim to want to improve but talk about their teammates........ wtf
Well imo, if you watch competitive league to improve you will better your macro play. For example, when I smurf in low elo, after the first tower in bot got taken, the entire game turns into an 4v4 in aram, with toplane staying on their lane and the rest trying to get/defend mit tower, instead of getting dragon/herald (nobody cares about herald, even though it would make it easier to get mid tower), or warding their jungle.

I personally learned a fuckton watching competitive league, but I agree that you wont get much better on a microperspective.
r/vidsthatendtoosoon 
What I learned is to flash in on them got it
Those dank 666 damage crits at the end
[deleted]
I agree with everything he said BUT "I'm gonna one shot'em." A one-shot would be 100% to 0% hp, not 30% to 0%.
Why no hype for clutch gaming
Well they kinda miss a 'big' player tbh. They have febiven yes but even tho he may have been one of the better eu midlaners he was never the most popular. Their botlane may be good, but again, they played on bad teams and thus not very popular. Lira same story. And to be honest, i dont even know who their toplaner is. Solo? dont really know whta to expect of him yet. Im not saying they are a bottom tier team, but they just dont have this amazing player that makjes the team 'hypeable', if you know what i mean.
Because real CG is Sp4zie's CG ! <>
I've been in Houston since 97 and I have not seen any big esport event here in our city. There is a lot of hype lately for the Houston astros, you should know why. There are lots of fans for football and basketball as well. But when it comes to esports, I don't think it gets enough attention/promotion based on how much it has grown over the pass few years. I could almost guarantee that most Houstonians are not aware of now having a League of Legends profesional team (Clutch Gaming). #ClutchGaming 
I got hyped once before for Sirens. Never again.
I’m sorry for not making it more clear I don’t mean popularity wise I mean from a skill and standings point of view 
Their mid is the only thing that upgraded and their toplaner is basically equal skill to what Seraph was. Seraph was the worst toplaner in the LCS all of 2017 and I guarantee Solo is going to be the worst to. Solo has been in the challenger series for how long? And he still has shown no signs of being an LCS level toplaner. 
Top is gonna get shit on, Mid is not bad but not good enough to be a strength, bot is above average and Jungle is an all-star.

This team has too big of a liability in Toplane to be considered a top team.
/dev: Kayn and the Showerhunter - Take a closer look at Riot’s localization process—and how it sometimes goes awry.
[Relevant](https://pm1.narvii.com/6535/a2d38860860e59620c153553810c3f5231534bc6_hq.jpg)
Anyone remember how they were gonna go with “Mordekaiser: the lord of death”?

This reminds me on why that was a bad idea with “Mordekaiser: Le Mordekaiser”
**Riot's plan 2218:**
Galaxilization (G12n)


**Riot's plan 2557:**
Universalization (U14n)


**Riot's plan 3028:**
Multiversalization (M16n)
HELLO SOME SHIT IS BROKEN IN THIS ARTICLE WE ARE WORKING ON IT JUST SO EVERYONE KNOWS IT'S DEFINITELY NOT MY FAULT PROBABLY SOMETHING u/BANANABAND1T DID
>Other regions have local laws or customs that impact how champion relationships are presented    
    
Does this mean some regions will continue to use Varus' old lore?
> An example of this was translating one of Elementalist Lux’s in-game lines from English to German. Apparently, the Moody Blues are… not the most popular band in Germany. 

Explain. What did the Moody Blues do to Germany?
I am just gonna guess that shower hunter comes from russian since “dusha” means soul or shower depending on how you say it.
> Illaoi magyar szinkronhangja – Sena Dagadu

> Behind the scenes look at how our EU team tapped into local, Hungarian talent to truly bring Illaoi to life.

Non-Hungarian born in not-Hungary speaking with a weak, but noticeable accent.

To be honest she did a great job and her accent actually fits Illaoi really well. But yeah how about we don't call her "local"?
Wait, so "Illaoi" is pronounced "Alloi"?
So, how is the Russian translator now?
Words aren't conjugated (unless they're verbs), though, they're declined.
In Russia this meme is already old
As a game localization editor at a major game publisher... No one fucking calls it l10n. I have never see it referred to that in any of my previous roles or by any of our vendors. Fuck, my buddies at Riot don't call it that. What you smoking over there?
One has to be really ***creative*** to see "Охотник на душ" as showerhunter, rather than just a stylistically awful mess that it is.

I despise everything about this joke.
Localization otherwise known as L10n in the biz to shorten the term...(later in the article) Anyways so when our loc teams and loc producers are done and loc'd in, we launch! 
 something something 27 languages
What the hell just happened to my client?
first time I hear of something like that. spooky 
The north America thing is normal. It does the same to me so I assume it just defaults there. The other part sounds pretty funny though
happens when game is running and unexpected shutdown occurs .

my pc used to crash (blue screen) every week or so if i had open client and game running my client would show some strange things like unknown region and stuff like that i could not even change my region untill i edited some file (this was on old client not sure what would happen on new one)

other thing is that my Video settings in league of legends itself would get reset to defaults i guess 

btw blue screens stop occurring when i stopped using skype, might be a coincidence but oh well discord is better anyway
Never heard of something like this before XD, if it keeps happening though I’d just uninstall and reinstall. It’s the safest bet 
Exactly same thing happened to me about same time. Im playing on tr server and electricity was fine. What the hell
Happened to me too, you need to kill all League related tasks, then start the game again.
Same happened to me when the power ran out, I quess since it forcefully shuts down it messes up. 
You must be the enemy Blitzcrank who joined his team at the end of an ARAM last night, and won the game for his team with a single, clutch grab.
I once loaded into an aram where I could only see me and the poros. Eerie. Restarting the client fixed it though 
It happened something almost identical. The only thing is that the order is reversed.

I also live in Spain, I was loading a game but the screen remained grey although I could hear the game and my friends (Discord call) perfectly. I saw myself forced to unplug the computer and when I came back I had the client set to NA (after changing it to EUW I left it in English didn't restarted it twice)

Dunno why this happens, but yeah, exists (Just like Mordekaiser lul).
You kinda need to provide proof... 
How to make Garen more complete as a champion in the modern game (Courage, Ability tweaks, all inside)
But garen already has a purpose in lol. It's to show what you're bad at in lol, he's the champ you go to learn the basics of lol
Santa Braum
You mean, like this?

https://i.imgur.com/e29HCeT.jpg
holy fuck i can't unsee it now
That image was implanted in your brain because [his splash art](http://www.lol-wallpapers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/Santa-Braum-Splash-Art-League-of-Legends-Artwork-Wallpaper-lol.jpg) looks like the cover of a gay erotic Christmas novel--even without his penis in his hand.  
Aside:  [The splash art for Rogue Admiral Garen](https://elohub.com/images/champions/garen/rogue_admiral_garen_skin.jpg) looks like the cover of a gay erotic swashbuckling adventure novel.
I think you mean Daddy Braum
Echo Fox, North America’s ticking timebomb.
This is a really well written article !

I love the usage of "misfit band of bros", it really summarizes all the players perfectly, except maybe Felix. 
It feels like Rick Fox doesn't really know what he is doing TBH. Last team he got a allstar in Froggen and paid crazy $$ for a former top korean top laner who never turned out. Now he dumps everyone and signs 3 players who are known for having bad attitudes, then counters it with one of the most outgoing guys in LoL. This team has the *potential* to make playoffs, but they won't. They will be in the bottom 4 for sure.
All that needs to happen is dardoch, and fenix keep there mouths shut and play the game, this team is so good skill wise. Great jungler mechanically, amazing top laner, great duo in the bot lane
What is your favorite piece of lore?
Well tbh. I think that Varus’ lore is the best. Or overall i think the Darkins are really interesting.
How Kindred represents the duality of death. Lamb who grants a swift death to those ready to accept their fate, and Wolf who chases down those who run and painfully kills them.
I love Janna's backstory. She's a nature spirit born from the prayers of sailors out at sea, who begged for fair winds and safe travels. Due to her protection, she eventually became their idol, and the sailors knew they were safe when they could see a bright blue bird just beyond the horizon (who some claimed they saw transform into a woman). 

Janna requires faith in order to continue existing however, and once Piltover constructed the Great Canal, sailors no longer needed her in order to keep them safe. As a result, her powers died down... until Zaun became the chemical wasteland it is today, and a new generation began praying to Janna once more. 

Now, some say that when the polluted smog in Zaun grows thick, a bright blue bird will appear and clear the smoke away.
Well Targon is the most interesting faction of the game. Almost all targon champions are gods, but we also don't know what are they fighting. Diana seems to be closing void portals here and there but we have no more information
Nami the Tidecaller VS. Naga Siren (colored)
"Do not force my hand"

"Quit flopping around"

"I'll find my path"
Now kith
This should be in r/NamiMains ❤️
Who would actually win lore-wise? 
Hmm... This better not awaken anything in me...
I like this
Has an NA player ever been imported into another region
Wasn't Remilia an import on a LAN or LAS team for a while?
I dont think so. Idk why an NA player would leave NA, minimal work for maximum pay.
There's been some in at least OCE
There is no reason for a NA player to move in any other region because mid and low tier NA players are not good enough and top tier NA players would not earn more money in another region. 

The reason why KR and EU players move to another region is because of it's easier to perform there than what it is in their own region and/or because they will earn more money in another region. 
Sort of... Santorin had Na residency, but his playing in EU atm, so he is technically an Na import, even though hes originally european. 

Chaox (former TSM ADC S1-S3, and S2 MVP) almost joined ocelote new team "Gamers 2/oceloteworld" when the team was created

but got denied to visa at this point

[Source with Chaox twitter post when it failed] (http://www.gosugamers.net/lol/news/26403-chaox-not-moving-to-eu-due-to-visa-denial?comment=591499)
A couple of challenger players ended up over in oce, xpcake was on tainted minds
Dexter, Amazing and Santorin all have NA Residency cause they played in NA before the cut off date for 2 import rule. But all 3 of them are from EU.

Technically NA imported 3 EU players to EU.  

As for actual NA players? Remilia(Sakuya) played for Kaos Latin Gamers. An LAS team.
Yeah, there were some NA players in Latin America North/South and in Oceania (Flaresz probably the most recognizable as he played a couple splits in LCS, he played for Sin in OPL).
If a NA player is good enough to be imported, they are probably to expensive for other teams. For the average Na player, you're better off importing an EU player or KR player. 
prolly?
Why has only NBA made teams in League?
The NBA is actually very popular in the 18-24 age bracket.

It is 5v5, just like League of Legends.

A lot of NBA players also play League and can relate to it.

The games (though obviously different) are very comparable - 5v5 games, lots of action, very team focused and not always focused on an individual. 

No other sport is really like that - Baseball doesn't come close, Soccer doesn't relate (though it's been dipping its toes into the waters), Football isn't even remotely the same - Hockey is next closest but isn't really the same demographic - Hockey isn't as popular with the young demographic.

Basketball is probably the closest demographic you're going to get with League of Legends players :)
Largely, it's due to differences in how each sport is played.  NBA is similar in structure to LOL - 5 players, each with their own role on the team, with a strong emphasis on teamplay and team dynamics.  No other sport is as relateable to league as Basketball is.  That's not to say other sports shouldn't or wouldn't invest in League, but from an operational standpoint basketball is more similar, so it's naturally the first to embrace competitive LOL.  That's not to say the NFL or NBA would have more trouble integrating into the scene, but considering their organizations build teams with different objectives in mind, it might be a less fruitful investment or a more difficult transition.
The New York Yankess partnered with Vision E-sports not too long ago so its not only NBA. The NBA is just adapting and adopting E-sports much earlier. Heres the article containing a Rick Fox interview if your interested in looking more into this. 

https://www.forbes.com/sites/mikeozanian/2017/10/19/new-york-yankees-take-big-swing-at-esports/#21e436292e99
What about Schalke 04 and PSG in EU?
2 years ago the NBA actually talked about investing in esports at their owners meeting

They even did an hour long presentation talking about demographics and market share and all that fun stuff

What really interested owners was the overlap in interest between Asian esports fans and asain basketball fans

It should be no surprise that the Rockets and the Warriors 2 of the 3 most popular NBA teams in Asia now own League of Legends teams

The NFL got around to making this presentation a bit later but you can see that their is interest considering I'm pretty sure atleast 1 NFL team bought into the overwatch league 


There are many sports team over the world actually. Even STK T1 is actually a brand from SK sports who already had a baseball and basket ball team. 

In EU there is S04 what is a football (soccer) team, like PSG. There are 1907 fenerbace, besiktas in TR, baskonia, and more in Spain, etc..
If skins were to give a passive based on their respective theme, what would be the most OP skin+champion and why?
spooky gangplank makes u untargetable
Pentakill Karthus.

R
One of the Jax skins with a REAL weapon.
Final boss veigar, passive is you can't be killed unless they have reached a certain achievement in the game you're currently playing
God Fist lee makes your q point and click
Angler Jax. Hook any enemy from river and drag them under tower.
Lore wise the World Breaker and Dark Star lines of skins would have the most broken passives. 
Old Lollipoppy. Perma fear OP. 
Bros bros... all the 7 victorious skins plox

They just can't lose, they are already victorious in all games they play!
Eternal Sword Yi. His passive would just give extra swords to him, extra swords =  extra ad

Regular talon skin gives you a shit ton of longswords from his cloak
Metal Rammus

Next time, TRY to make a dent

*waits for it*
Any fire skin that procs a burn or something on every spell cast / auto. Any frost skin that has a chance to freeze / stun an enemy on spell cast / auto. I'm sure we could figure out a lot of things like this.
Santa Braum: after casting an ability, Braum mounts his poro sleigh and gains some bonus flat ms (scaling with level) that maintains until Braum executes other action than moving (basic attack, ability, item, summoner, recall), then enters on a short static CD. The ms bonus is increased while Braum moves towards a nearby allied champion: you know, because he must deliver his presents to the good teammates. 

I know is some crap alternative (not exactly equal) version of Boots of Mobility, but I like it and want to see more of the poro sleigh.
Barbeque Leona because who doesnt like a wiener
Dragon Sorceress Zyra: instead of your ~~plants~~ dragons despawning if they survive the full 8 seconds, they instead grow up into a fully fledged dragon. After the 8 seconds, the ~~plant~~ dragon grows into any random League dragon (Ocean, Infernal, Mountain, Cloud). Their AI functions similarly to Yorick ghouls. At ult rank 1, they have a chance to form into a Shyvana. At ult rank 2, Aurelion Sol. At ult rank 3, Elder Dragon. 


I'm on mobile and forgot how to format cross out 
No one mention SuperTeemo?
Lil' Devil Teemo would make your life absolutely miserable. Lets go with shrooms that can be placed under towers, but are indestructible. Because that's what Satan would do.
The dark star skins just rip enemy champs out of reality when they do damage lmao
Snow Day Singed's Q freezes those affected by it
Cottontail Teemo would have a global taunt

Wait a second, it already has that... Kill the Teemo guys!!!
Godfist.
What puns are there in your localization of a champion?
Talon means "to jump" in Filipino. Imagine our reaction during the Assasin Rework.
In Vietnam sever the "Mr. Mundoverse" skin is called "MunĐÔ" because "ĐÔ" means "Pumped up" and "muscular"  in Vietnamese.

Brazil was the only(or one of the few) country to get PentaKayle
In french Academy Ahri is called Ahrithmétique (Ahri + Arithmétique (=Arithmetic in english)) as she probably studies maths since she's a studdent, I guess
In LATAM, "Hot Rod Corki" is called "Enchúlame la Corkinave" which roughly translates to "Pimp my corki-ride" but has such a funny ring in spanish.
In BR portuguese

The wild card is called "coringa" so Wild Card Shaco is Shacoringa.

Festival Queen Anivia is called Carnanivia (from Carnaval)

Baker Pantheon is Pãotheon because pão means bread.

Little Devil Teemo is Pequeno Capeteemo (pequeno = little and capeta is another word for satan)

Then there's Pentakayle and Gnarossauro which aren't exactly Portuguese exclusive but for some reason they're different than the english version.
Still in french, we got "Lee piSin". And swimming pool is said "piscine" in french. Quite a good one imo.
River spirit Nami is called Nami Iara in br since this skin is based on a myth of a river spirit called Iara.
Cryocore Brand's Skinname is "Gefrierbrand" in german. ("Freezerburn") But since i play with the english localization i dont know more.
In Hungary there is a famous musician called "Presszer Gábor" and people often call Karthus "Presszer Gábor" because Presszer is pronounced "Press R"

There is also Bird of Prey Anivia which is called "Turulmadár Anivia" in the hungarian client, "Turulmadár" is a kind of bird strongly related to Hungary's history
Nutcracker Shaco is "Schiacciashaco" in Italian, coming from "Schiaccianoci" (Nutcracker in italian)
Baker Pantheon = "Pãotheon" in Portuguese (Pão means Bread in english)
In Vietnam, Heartseeker Vayne is called Vaynelentine
In English Yasuo means fucking literal cancer.
Gnar = Pomegranate in Bulgaria. 
From Germany: "What do you call a Lee Sin that never ganks? Nidalee."

Nida-Lee -> Nie da-Lee (Never here-Lee)
Pug'Maw in Czech is "Kog'Haf", haf in Czech is the sound the dog makes while barking.
In Spanish, Moo Cow Alistar is "Vacalistar". "Vaca" means "cow"
Its not a pun but still good. Sultan Gangplank is Barbaros Gangplank in Turkish which comes from Barbaros Hayrettin Paşa (Barbarossa Hayreddin Pasha). He is the famous Ottoman sailor. That skin even has different voice from the original skin
brand means fire in danish
I like the polish name for Urf the Manatee Warwick - it's called "Wilk w Foczej Skórze", translated into "Wolf in Seal's Clothing" (I think the reference is obvious here). Also, "foczej" (seal's) is similar to "owczej" (sheep's).
Not really a pun but Xayah was localized as Шая (shaia) in Russian because Зая (zaia) is affectionate word sometimes used between lovers and it originates from заяц (zayats) which means "hare".
alistar = ali bou najma , ali being a name and bou najma being star
Another interesting pun in Korean localization

Star Guardian = 별 수호자


and 


Beekeeper Singed = 벌 수호자 신지드



Although the more correct translation of Beekeper would be 양봉업자,

the Korean translation team deliberately chose the word 벌 수호자 (Bee Guardian), just to keep the rhyme with 별 수호자 (Star Guardian).


Hard to distinguish 벌 with 별? Yes, that's the pun.
Rakan -> "Rak" = "Cancer" in Macedonian
 
In LATAM Llorona Morgana has extra lines about her death children and drowing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yk_yMq9leII

Same with El Tigre Braum he talks about typical Macho stuff, wrestling, El Santo reference a reference to the simpson you get paddlin, to the movie Nacho Libre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFdUUvkk2nY
In latin america we call thresh = 3sh. Because number 3 is pronounced "tres"
In French, you don't pronounce the c in LeBlanc, but everyone in English says LeBlanque and it tilts the shit out of me.
Dr. Mundo in brazilian portuguese translates to "Dr. World"

Corporate Mundo was translated to Mundo Corporativo (corporate world) and if I recall correctly, Toxic Mundo (a legacy skin) was translated to Dr. Muco in Brazil (muco means snot)
"Brand" means fire in danish


"Udyr" means beast in dansih


"Morde" means "to kill" in danish, meaning Mordekaiser=killingkaiser
Sai in portuguese means "leave" so the meme is that "o rek'entra e rek'sai" aka rekenters and rekleaves
Leblanc = Eblanca.  
The word "Eblan" in russian is used as an insult, but it doesn't mean anything. So the word "retard" is used as an insult because it implies that you're stupid, but the word "eblan" doesn't really imply anything, it's just a pure insult. And the added "ca" to the "eblan" just shows that you're referring to a woman. 
It's not really a pun but Heimerdinger is a combination of the last two parts of J. Robert Oppenheimer and Erwin Schrödinger's names. 
In spanish:

Miaukai: skin where mao is dressed as a cat. "Miau" is the cat sound in spanish.

Urf el namití: Nami dressed as... urf. 




Koi Nami's Korean localization is 비단인어 나미


Koi is 비단잉어 (in literal translation, 'Silk Carp')

And mermaid is 인어. 


The pun is that, the word 잉어 (carp) sounds similar to 인어 (mermaid) in Korean.
For Shen, I recently learned from my Chinese friend that they refer him as 'Yao Zi' which means kidney in Chinese. Reasonning is that Shen's pronounciation is not only similar to 'god' as some of you know but also to 'Shen' which is used to designate kidney as well. 

I think the difference between the two is that 'Shen' usually refer to a human kidney. While 'Yao Zi' refer to when it's served as a dish... pretty clever and fun IMO
Well Sai is poop/crap in Hokkien dialect, so we were making fun of Rek'Sai quite a bit when she was first released.
I have no idea. I keep mine english. I know one french reference thats different from the english one, Poppy has a voiceline where she sings [PO-POPOPO-POOOOO-PYYY in the tune of Seven Nation Army, wich is a reference to a pro game](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3u51ce/because_the_french_crowd_repeated_it_a_lot_in/).
In spanish Bard is called Bardo which is Argentinian slang for making your way into trouble
Vel Koz means Let the pussy in Persian
Zuckersticks, its German for dark Candy Fiddlesticks, zuckerstick is german for Candy/sugarstick
Azir in Arabic is wazir (وزير) witch means Minister.
Zyra sounds like "Zera" in hebrew which means seed and also sperm.
Not a pun but still interesting. **Festival Queen Anivia** in Filipino is **Adarna Anivia**, which is based on the story about a mythical bird called **Ibong Adarna**. The story is part of Filipino literature and is mandatory in high school so pretty much everyone knows about this story.
In Latam "Hot Rod Corki" is called "Enchúlame la Corkinave", i think the translate is something like "make the Corki´s plane cool"
In English Lee Sin sounds a bit like listen which he has to do cause he is blind. LOLOL kms.
Not really a champion pun but,

In chinese the character “棒（bang） ” has different meanings including 'stick' or 'good' (as in you' are good).

Note that the nickname of protobelt in chinese is “推推棒（tui-tui-bang）” which literally means "push stick", the nickname comes from and is the nickname of the dota item force staff, which has the ability to push back an unit in the direction they are facing.

Now whenever a tristana saves an enemy with ult, we would say something like "推推bang(we spell the stick part in english), 你很bang哦!（you are pretty good!)"

Its mainly for memes and not to insult the players(eg. xmithie sej ult). Btw, the most popularast year was clearlove's leesin and 4396, and the year before was GodV with his reverse Q on varus
Brands Cryocore skin is called "Gefrier Brand" in German. Gefrierbrand, English known as "Freezer burn."

Brand has many meanings in german. Der Brand=the fire, "Ver**brannt**=Burned, Brandstifter=Arsonist, Brandmal=Stigma.

Obviously, all related to fire. 
In Russian we have Nut Cracko Shaco skin as "Shakunchik", because Nut Cracker in Russian is "Schelkunchik". Pretty good one imo
Everytime i see Soraka ingame i call her "Sraka" which means diarrhea, sometimes she runs like with diarrhea... And she is pain in the ass to play against.
I'm Chinese but not playing on th China server. But I do know a couple of lingos

Lucian: Obama
Yasuo: jesus
Corki: airplane

Bonus points for beat/gank corki which indirectly translates to jerking off. 

I don't play on the Chinese server but they call Yasuo 托儿(所)索 which means Kindergartener, and Zed 儿童(节)劫 which means Children's Day
Fizz means to jump in arabic
Moo Cow Alistar is called Vacalistar in European Spanish (vaca = cow).
Xayah (Saya) = Happy in Filipino. Oh the irony.
In LAN (Im guessing LAS also), Little devil Teemo is called PequeñoTeemonio which is a play on the word Demonio = devil.
(Z)Lee Sin - Zlý Syn - Bad Son in Slovak
When riot opened the LAS and LAN servers and you transfered your account to them, you would get Ghost Bride Morgana, and it was called Morgana la Llorona for the mith of La Llorona that's very popular in Latin American countries
Wow so manyyyy puns in so many diverse regions only for their names!! Imagine if we start talking about champions' lines? Wow unbelievable, there are so many!! That's such a nice work from Riot to add personality to each region.
The rift herald in spanish is known as "El heraldo", turns out a common spanish name is "Gerardo" or "Geraldo" for friends, and so every kid named "Gerardo" gets nicknamed "el heraldo" or "Gerardo OP" and such
Xayah = Шая  = Shaya 

RIOT WTF? 

In Taiwan, a Wukong's skin name is the entire journey to the West story.
In finnish Yasuo means bullshit.

In Spanish, Yasuo can be called Yabsurdo, that means Stupid
shenmurai
Oh hey someone DID make this, awesome, thanks for being less lazy than me :D

Also Requ'Sai is a great name. Love it.
Xayah means shadow in urdu سایے(Saya)
'Brand' means fire in Dutch
You guys get fun stuff with localization, in English its so boring :( .


Bardo means Bard
gnarly gnar puns 
I remember MonteCristo commenting that in Korean Tristana still says "is that a rocket in your pocket" even though that isn't a euphemism in Korea and it doesn't rhyme.
Neverdinger is Neve ( Snow ) + Heimerdinger in Italian!

Talon in spanish means anckle so: Me duele el talón 
Aurelion Sol kinda sounds like Aerosol which means "spray"  
Ardent Censer's name is so ridiculous in spanish too. "El Pebetero Ardiente"
Vi, if you pronunciate it in english, means go (portuguese), and if you pronunciate in portuguese it means saw (see in the past)
Daxua gank tem 20gg.

Daxua stands for Yasuo, gank means gánh = carry, tem = team, and the game with yasuo only lasts for 20 mins because...

Pãotheon (Baker Pantheon skin), in Brazil. "Pão" stands for Bread in Portuguese language. 

Also, PopPirulito (Lollipoppy Skin) where "Pirulito" stands for Lollipop in Portuguese language.
Cryocore brand is Frostbrand in German, which also mean frostbite.
Brand = Fire in Swedish
Riven ost = Sliced cheese

Obama gunning people down on the Chinese servers
Nunu in my language (Urdu) is one of the many slang words meaning penis.
Latam devil teemo is Teemonio (demonio = devil/demon)
Nunu means penis in Bangla. So yeah...
In Brazil, "like" is "que nem", so we made this pun with Kennen, plus "acho" is think, so we made it too with Ashe.
I mean

We have Cho'Zilla and Kitty Katarina.. 

But idk the english names don't have much in the way of puns I guess. 

I'm very fond of "Kha'Dix" cause he dicks on you in one hit.
 
Also always loved Win Nao (Xin Zhao) and Top Doge (Susan).
Little Devil Teemo is called Capeteemo,a mix between Capeta (a popular nickname for Devil/Satan in portuguese) + Teemo.
Mundo means "everything / the whole" or simply "world" in spanish.
Baker Pantheon is 빵테온 on KR, because the first letter '빵' means bread and is very similar to 'Pan' in pronunciation. Many players referred to him as this before the skin was released, making it a 'meme come true' situation.
Korea: Pug'maw = Kog'mong (코그'멍). 멍멍 is woof woof in korean and Kog'mong sounds close to Kog'maw.
ITT: the french localization team knows their puns
Festival Queen Anivia is called Carnanivia(Carnaval + Anivia, carnaval being a brazilian party that happens all over the country and what the skin's design was based on) on Brazil(portuguese)

Nieverdinger (Nieve=Snow) on LAN server
Ahri mean graceful in Korean
Leblanc mean The White in French.
Anyone know where I can find the names of champions in other translations? Like, besides downloading all of the other translations for my client?
In germany we use to call Yasuo "Yahuso". This is funny because "HuSo" is short for "Hurensohn" which means "Son of a bitch". That pretty much sums up the champ just fine.
In Portugal there is a place called Alentejo, and the people are called Alenjanos and Alentejanas, so yea: AlenteJANNA
im pretty sure Greek League has some stupid ass names, but its so bad i have it in english. i understand more in english than from the way they explain it in greek lol.
Brand means fire in Danish
Not exactly a pun but LAN Braum has a line when he uses his shield which says "Llego el bigoteeeee" which means "Here is the mustaaaache". This is a tribute to a very obscene but very popular He-Man parody in which a character similar to Braum says that line.
For those curious: [original sub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pIBiJFK0YM) and [Braum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKRNQYHzKlA) saying it. 
In Latin América Ezreal's voice is the same as Vegetta in Dragon Ball Z.
In the Pulsefire skin (pretty sure not in the others) he says "So poder de pelea es de mas de 8000" whch roughly translates "His power is over 8000" just like the meme (even tho the meme is 9000, the original number is 8000, no idea why is 9000 in English hahaha).
I don't know if this is the case but Kitty K (C? Idk) at Katarina is Katari **nya** (JP server)
I use English version, but i remember that Pug'Maw is like Mops Maw, while "Mops" means the... "Genre" of dog? Dunno how to explain it.
Meowkai is Miaukai in polish version ("Miau" is polish "meow")
Knockout Lee and Muay Thai Lee are: Bokser (Boxer) and Tajski Bokser (Thai Boxer) Lee.
there's a brazillian band called "Zézé de Camargo e Luciano" which is usually called Zezed Camargo e Lucian
Nunu means penis in Bangla
Olaf que Ashe?

can be derived from

Hola que haces?

which in spanish means 

Hey, what are you doing?
In czech Pug'maw kog'maw is instead called Kog'haf which loosely translates to Kog'woof.
Udyr = Beast in my language :)
Queen of Festivals Anivia is named Adarna Anivia in the PH server.

Reference to the [famous(?) tale](https://a.wattpad.com/cover/64485081-352-k766776.jpg)
in the philippines (visaya's to be exact) in their dialect Lulu means masturbate. 
In danish: Ekko = echo, Udyr = beast, Brand = fire. 
If u change the letters 
Teemo = emote
Shaco = chaos
Maokai = i am oak
Gnar = (bume)rang

Back when Kayn was released, in russian his Soulhunter skin was mistranslated and its literal translation was "Kayn the Shower Hunter" (to understand, in russian soul is "dusha", and shower is "dush"). That was hilarious.
well brand means to burn in dutch 
Have only played in German for a few months after starting so no idea
Kayn = kanye west
In Spanish, I like to call Heimendinger as "Jaime", same pronunciation.
Just like Rift Herald (Geraldo de la Grieta in spanish), people in my server call him Heraldo, but I like to call it "Gerardo"
in my country Yasuo is called cancer
Nasus = Susan
In my discord calls we always refer to him as such. 
In English Fizz means 5m.
imaqtipie means "there is qtipie" in bulgarian and nqmaqtipie translates to "there is no qtipie" so there were a couple of really good memes with it
Rengar EBola
IN ENGLISH SWAIN SOUNDS LIKE SLAIN SO EVERYTIME YOU KILL SOMEONE, YOU CAN SAY IN ALL CHAT "AN ENEMY HAS BEEN SWAIN!"
alistar in italian sounds like wings star because ali=wings in italian
Is English just boring with all the champs? I usually just yell things from Imaqtpie or Nightblu3 haha. Kassawiiiin being an example. Idk if we have any "funny names" because of our area? 
Hardest Carry You've Ever Seen in Pro Play?
Levi carrying SEA at Allstars 2017.
Liquid vs EchoFox when they were on a losing streak for 9 games I guess? Piglet just carried the shit out of that game to give TL their first win of the split 
Huhi Asol vs ROX. Though I guess Huhi on Asol usually carries regardless
Dade as Twisted fate against CJ still comes to my mind when thinking about player hard carrying: 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=af8NSQM33dw

Pretty sure he still holds the gold/min record to this day (not sure), and his map movement were picture perfect that game, literally a dream tf game. Also nice to see if you weren't around during S3/4 so you don't know about that player, that is one of the only ones to ever be considered at Faker level during a period of time. Not the biggest champion pool of all time, but on his picks he was matchable only by Faker and no one else 
Worlds 2017, faker carrying skt to the finals lol

Shit was pretty incredible in an ardent meta
Peanut Nidalee. 9-0 jungle buffs,  +6k gold advantage between junglers.  8-0-9 with 85%Kill participation.  Stomped every lane, he made all the plays of the game.

the hardest carry i have seen in my life, this is a challenger smurf playing in silver 4.

ROX vs SSB Game 2, LCK 2016 week 7.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqFhO3ri-dQ
C9 Hai when Meteos stepped down and Hai came back in. Team was absolute shit and in 7th(or 8th?) place before Hai came back.

And whe he was back, oh boy. C9 managed to be saved from relegations, went to worlds and... yeah then NA week 2 happened but up until then Hai was basically 1v9 with his game sense, knowledge etc.
Faker had a couple riven games in early season 4 that were truly gross. I believe the most notable were vs kt

Would link but I'm on mobile 
No one said Scarra's Season 3 AP Yi vs TSM? 19 kills, man!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8DdBx078Tc
[Curse Academy vs CLG game 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHXcgrAHdfM)

Basically Doublelift putting CLG on his back to avoid relegation.
It's really hard to say Carry because they ultimately lost, but Madlife at Season 2 worlds was fucking carrying as a support when carrying as a support was unheard of.
Doublelift and 4 TL scrubs vs TSM. Not sure if carry or rito scripts 
Shook on Lee Sin against Najin at worlds S4 was fucking bonkers. 
Faker last worlds vs MSF and RNG.

Honestly I was devastated and couldnt believe how he managed to make SKT win those games. I did not think such carry performances were even possible in this season, which is why I put it over some hardcarrys I've seen in the past. 

I always knew he was the best player, but after those games I feel like the gap towards the second best is bigger than I thought. He doesnt even need to win lane to hardcarry. 
Faker as Riven back in Season 4 was extremely feared. Watch this game: https://youtu.be/wK5t4PNpvCE
C9 Balls as GP in 2016 Spring. C9 would not have won if his GP didn’t come online.

https://youtu.be/yz1ZY9VXsJc
faker games on old leblanc where he just dfg QR'd people
Bang solo carry SSG to a world championship victory
[C9 Contractz Rengar vs IMT w/Dardoch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TSb3at9UPE)      
He ends 15/3/3 in a 33 minute game. Almost perfect aggressive macro strategy executed by C9 centered around heavy invading and denial of the enemy jg/mid. 
Zionspartan (Darshan) with Nasus on Dignitas vs TSM. It was so freakin hype watching it live

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpbJuo-K2sA
Froggen vs m5 back in season 2, not sure how much it counts as a " carry " but he sure held the line with anivia while being 27k gold behind
Just watch faker in playoff games when SKT faces match point.
TL vs TSM when Doublelift subbed for TL in 2017 spring. The Ezreal game was insane. 
Diamondprox on Evelynn, Gambit vs Fnatic IEM Cologne 2013. Sick performance, being the first to reach level 6 on the map, involved in almost all kills, such a brilliant game.

https://youtu.be/usB5yoC8U54
Reapered carrying SKT T1 to the IEM Cologne title with H0R0, Mightily, StarLast etc. Absolutely absurd how he singlehandedly led a bunch of chumps to an international title.
Bang on Lucian in S5 Spring playoffs vs CJ Entus, Game 4. SKT had the worse late game on paper (Lulu mid vs Ziggs, Lucian adc vs Sivir) but Bangs insane mechanics carried every fight won by SKT. Special mention has to go to Marin though who saved the game by TPing in to proxy the minion wave. 
I don't know where it would be on the list but God damn game 4 of LCK summer finals, Khan's Jayce left an impression
[Ambition's Kindred in LCK Spring 2016 vs Rox Tigers game 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXIwYHYqqNg)

S3 GoGoing on Ryze
Maybe it's not high up here because they were just regular season LCS games, or maybe people are so traumatized by it that it was erased from their memories, but hello? Pepi's runeglaive ezreal anyone?
Faker's LeBlanc vs MVP Blue. 11/0/2. MVP surrenders @ 20mins. 

https://youtu.be/xdYQ9RJ2ZzU?t=266

Bonus points for Doa and Monte casting! At the time LB must've been a support mostly, as when Faker picked her Doa said "Leblanc mid even!". 
Bjergsen carrying 4 wards to an LCS final in 2015.
Forg1ven in SK
Me in my promos
Dyrus against LMQ in game 5 of the 2014 summer playoffs. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JbnAYKdzAY
Bang's frontline Lucian vs CJ Entus, 2015 LCK Spring Semifinals. One of the best performances I've ever seen from an ADC
c9 Jensen 20 kills at a single pro match. And this shit wasn't a 40 minutes or 2 hours long game.

NALCS QuarterFinals C9 vs EnvyUs. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66rzOQeWg3k This game back in season 4 where Meteos carried so hard on Nocturne. He single-handedly decided the outcome of the game.
Someone Please link those NLB games between SKT AND Jin air back in 2014, Piglet legit had an abysmal kda across 5 games and Faker/Impact dragged them across the finish line 
Not sure if it counts that much, but I remember a game from 2016 where Vizicsacsi played trundle and just completely destroyed the enemy team with it. It was beautiful
Svenskeren carrying SK Gaming as Lee Sin in EU playoffs. Never seen a harder Lee carry in my fucking life. 
Froggen on Echo Fox the past few seasons.  The team still wasn't successful, but imagine where they would've been without him.
Bjergsen, since  2013
SKT T1 Faker Against Misfits
Sneaky in game 1 vs WE this year at worlds and Sneaky vs SSB on lucian...totally not biased to sneaky btw
One that comes to mind is a 2016 world's game where a Varus one trick was casually 1v9ing, against europe i think, felt it hard.

edit: [this game](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/55b40u/flash_wolves_vs_i_may_2016_world_championship/)
was actually against FW
Impact when he carried C9 through gauntlet last year 
Worlds 2015 - FNC vs AHQ for first place.. What a game by Febiven
Uzi at Season 4 Worlds.
Uzi's Sivir in S4 Spring Split

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyjvnTx-z1g

I mean he basically decided to end the game all by himself while his team wanted to set up for Baron. Back when you could mechanically do stuff like this. Of course this is on another level of ending a pro game, but still.

Extra: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vy3AKMfia6k

That's game 2. Another great Sivir performance, but not as carry heavy, though it was a closer game. Uzi in S4 Spring was actually really good, sadly LPL is watched by very little back then and Uzi was mid lane for awhile.
watch bjergsen carry S5 TSM all the way to summer finals, only to get totally shrekt
C9 vs Coast 2014, coast were winning the game until Meteor backdoored and won on nocturne
Inori rengar, and then next game  was a beautiful collective effort
Alexich khazix
Look at 31:50 in that video you posted. Bjergsen the first to run away full health.

At 34:10 in the video he also does a terrible Taliyah ult while the enemy is already there, he could have used it sooner to keep them away and then he was behind the baron wall not doing anything but watch his team die.


There was a Rush nidalee game I remember him taking over and dominating everyone. It was the first time I’ve seen someone dominate that hard. Idr the game and am on mobile so it’s hard to find. 
Shipthur in TCS
BunnyFuFuu on Thresh (Gravity) Vs. Team 8 Week 9 Day 2. Thresh was their teams only hard CC. Bunny was able to make some clutch plays to get his team the win, after they fell behind early. Here is the highlights, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RThP8v5tSkM.
Where is the love for God's right hand?

There is a reason SKT didn't win and it's because God played with only one hand. Seriously have people for gotten already how Bengi was put in last world's and carried them to the chip all while playing a champ he never played professionally???
Ambition during Worlds S7 lol.
I remember Crash had a Nidalee game where he flame horizoned the opponent jungler or something nuts like that. Basically earned a ban for the rest of the split. 
Dade and Faker have some badass solo carry games.
Bang's Lucian in that one game vs CJ Entus
Contractz carrying hard as rengar in s7
Froggen in the infamous Clg vs M5 game.
C9 meteos back in season 3 or 4 against Team Coast, he played nocturne and single handedly won the game 
Rekkles 1v9 ing every single game. If he fails they lose
S3 summer, forget exactly what the game number was (would have been the 2nd or 3rd matchup I think) Cloud 9 was down by about 15K gold at like, 25 minutes. Hai just started taking command and micro-managed C9 to an amazing comeback victory. It's not the typical hard-carry you'd think of, but imo it was far more impressive because when you listened to the coms/interviews after, Hai was commanding even some of the tiniest details like who should rotate in and out to tank damage, and who was able to be sacrificed to win team fights etc...
Bjergerking every year ofcourse /s
Elwind on Fiora I think on Dark Passage in the 2016 IWC Qualifier
Alex Ich on Khazix and Evelynn. Ohq on Corki.
that one fucking bang game when he went 18-1 vs kt

sadly people meme him now
SK gaming Svenskeren Spring (2014?) playoffs vs UOL Game 4 Lee Sin

KTA Kakao ogn summer finals vs samsung blue (2015?) game (4?) nocturne

few years ago during my bronze days, i youtubed "best lol game ever" 

the first one that came up was tsm vs clg. 

only 3 players stuck in my mind then , 
reginald on karthus
nien's elise  and dyrus feeding on kennen

I mained karthus and never touched kennen until now.  
didnt eve know double was part of that game. 
Shook's Lee Sin vs Najin White Shield at S4 Worlds.
Scarra AP yi mid 
When Crash flame horizoned the enemy jungler twice in two consecutive games in 2016 LCK. I’ve never seen someone single handedly destroy someone so hard in competitive.
Tsm doublelift Carrying CLG
Optimus during GAM vs FNC (last game)

Singly handedly carried FNC past groups
Back when TSM was trying the doublelift/yellowstar in which they faced off against Piglet/Matt in which Piglet and Matt just destroyed the early 2v2 and somehow forced them off a huge wave under tower and the game was simply over 5 minutes in as Piglet was too far ahead and stomped the game
Bjerg AP Ezreal versus seraph's team in lcs. (I forgot which game/team)
Sneaky carrying on trist vs We game 3 Worlds 2017
Alex Ich M5/GMB never forget
Renegades vs TSM. Freeze on Draven. I can't remember who eventually won, but Freeze was pretty much 1 vs 9ing
Alex Ich with the LCS Boosting Campagne
Not really able to pin it down to a specific game or series (bc it happened all season) but ManCloud was insane for Vulcun in Season 3, he carried them super hard to worlds where he sadly fell flat.
Cyanide game 3 (I think) FNC vs RYL Season 3 world championships semi finals, popped off on Aatrox to keep FNC in the series 
Westdoor on Fizz every time he played him back in the good old days.
900 stack nasus from Zion Spartan(was he on Curse?) back in season 3 I believe.

That was a big doge.
Faker s3 worlds qf vs Najin, final game (elimination match!). A lot of people think Faker is still masterclass but imo he was truly ahead of other midlaners at this time. He has a picture perfect teamfight w Ahri to close out the game.
Probably Huhi's Aurelion Sol
Stop getting me excited for LCS, I have studying to do in the future 

Also that Malz+Rengar combo in P1 vs TSM is just a fucking war crime, absolutely vile
Faker at Worlds
Bjergsen Season 5, the whole season.
fnatic rebuild huni was just a monster
Bang, SKT vs KT LCK week 3 - Spring 2016.
Faker all of last worlds was at absolute best 3 v 7 and often 2v8 or even 1v9 it was spectacular to watch what he could do when his team wasn't their usual juggernaut self.
[P1 vs TSM, Inori on Rengar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPpxSHCDM5g).
Giants midlaner carrying with runeglaive Ezreal. Did something like 70k damage. 
Bjergsen when he picked Twisted Fate in Season 5 at worlds vs LGD (the Dyrus era).

He finished the game with like 45-50% damage share and made TF look like the most busted champ in league.
Faker at worlds this year.
AlexIch on khazix so many times.
HotshotGG's final pro game where he played Shen.
chawy vs mineski as varus was pretty crazy, like 3 times where he should have died and still carried that game out
i remember brazilian ahri solo carried vs xpeke or wickd's team.

dont remember the name
I remember one game, Zven was on origen at the time I believe, playing frontline tristana like a total madman. I can't remember his oppoent sadly though.
Kirei 1v9ed against Origin (rip) with nidalee in EUCS, the only game they lost.
https://youtu.be/LxgI4OSDaKw
When AlexIch saved GG from relegation, sad tgat he still left the team...
I remember Pepiniro (of all players) almost carry a game vs Alliance, pretty much 1 v 5. However he picked Ezreal mid when it was broken so not sure if it counts.

Faker also hard carried all games vs. KT Rolster back in season 4 Worlds qualifier (iirc). 
Svenskeren carrying TSM to quarters at S4 worlds 
Fakers riven game vs kt bullets ogn winter 2013-2014 semi final game 3 comes to mind.
Shook on Alliance at world vs the Korean team I can't remember right now (on mobile). Anyway it was a sick display of skill, he was everywhere on the map and completely destroyed the enemy team!
I remember some EU LCS game from a couple of years ago, back when AP Kog'Maw was hotly contested in mid lane. The entire game relied on on thing, would Vizicsacsi's AP Kennen be able to find an engage and kill Froggen's Kog'Maw before he tore UoL to shreds. The entire game was just those two duking it out, but I can't remember exactly what game it was.
Uzi and Faker. Different role's; both have innate "champion's mentality" as in they see the game differently/ have a different approach to the game when they play vs other plays in their respected role.
Uzi in 2014 worlds.
Faker summer 2015.
Sven's Lee Biggest backpack EU? Anyone?
Maknoon at Worlds was it season 2 or three. At least in group stage. All I remember that I was thinking "wow what a player". 
Faker on his leblanc, before he was on skt. His leblanc was bonkers.
I don't remember exactly but I think it was IEM Katowice.

The game was GMB vs FNC and if I recall correctly it was Rekkles's first professional game.

Diamond got firstblooded and then got angry and completely destroyed Rekkles all game after that.
Faker dragging SKT to the finals at last Worlds on Galio. I've never seen somebody put out so many fires and carry that hard on a tank.
Madlife on Alistar vs TSM either last year or two years ago. This was in a meta where alistar was considered trash tier too. 
Hardest carry I ever saw was EDG vs. M3 in 2015, Pawn as Lulu. Random game, but EDG fell way behind, tried a desperation baron, lost a 50/50 smite, and then almost got aced in the process. From that point forward, if not earlier, Pawn’s Lulu play was pretty much flawless: kiting around team fights, super clutch shields and ults (including a 3-man knockup to save an inhibitor and the game).
EnRo RytpN vs Alternate (German ESL 2017)
Legit 1v9 Player
Game 3 of RNG vs FNC, soaz literally 1v9d that game on Gnar
I doubt anyone even remembers this and it wasn't really that important compared to some of the other games listed in this thread, but Calitrlolz top lane Khazix. It was a very unconventional pick at the time but he basically solo won a Challenger tournament (which featured some good NACS teams and Complexity, which just qualified for LCS), getting multiple solokills every game, winning 1v2s and annihilating carries in team fights.
doublelift clg times
IMO that Rengar game was TSM disrespecting Pirean's Malzahar super badly more than Inori popping off.  P1 ran back the exact same strat g3 with pre-ult rework AD Rek and it worked because Pirean was on Malz again.  He was stupid op that patch too iirc.
any game with Bjergsen and any iteration of TSM roster
Faker in s3 vs CJ entus. His ahri was insane. 
Bjerg at 2015 worlds. TSM would've went 0-6 in groups if it wasn't for him.

Retiring Dyrus

Amazing Played 3 champions

Turtle and Lust couldn't win ANY lane.
Every TSM game by Bejgersen. Especially in Season 4; where it was literally Team Solo Mid and 4 wards.
Reignover and Huni during 2015 EU LCS Summer Regular Season.
Bang at Worlds Final vs SSG, hard carry 3 games
Ziggs has gotten into the pop rocks business.
Helmet Bro Idea
> 3 stars orbiting around that helmet bro


>whoisthis


If I recall correct, there was something like this in the gamemode Black Market Brawles. As an assasin, you could disguise yourself as an Allied champion. Though this would be cancelled when going in combat or using any ability, spell or item.
I can imagine it would be super duper busted
Sounds like a cool idea for the LeBlanc rework, like an ult that makes her whole team change to appear as Leblanc for 2-3 seconds with bonus adaptive damage upon revealing them self by entering combat. Rank 1 ult makes entire team look like LB. Rank 2 
ult turns team into 1 selected selected team mate. Rank 3 swaps entire team appearance. Something along those lines.
Getting out of Elo hell.
Actually good tips.

Like, I just heard someone say today that: "Omg my jungler didn't gank because - insert reason - and it's the dumbest thing ever. That cost us the game."

When in reality, what likely cost the game is the players inability to adapt to the circumstances. Disregarding the dozen reasons why a jungler may not be ganking a lane, a player should always know how to play out their lane without assistance.

When you push up in lane and die to a gank it's not your junglers fault for not being there, it's your fault for pushing up without vision or numbers advantage. Simple as that.

Personally, I never ask for ganks, because honestly - if I need a gank to win my lane, I'm probably not playing very well and don't exactly deserve a win anyway. I'll play around a gank if it comes, but I'm always trying to figure out how to win without help.
Looking to edit, for anyone.
I love how people edit those videos its what makes them fun hope you find a skilled player to do this for. Wish i had skills so i could talk about teaming up
Forgot to mention, I use adobe premiere, as well as photoshop. I can make thumbnails too!
I would absolutely love this! Sadly, I'm a no name streamer that only averages about 8 viewers per stream on Twitch so I wouldn't be able to pay you. I hope you find a good partner! It might help to edit in some clips of your work so people can see it more easily.
Cool initiative hope you make it GL AND HF
I Pmed you : P
describe your league playing party
I play with one other person usually. It’s a mentor/mentee relationship. My friend is Silver and I’m new this year and unranked but looking to maybe try ranked season 8. 

I’m typically the tilter
Shotcaller - I'm terrible at this game but I'm one of the highest ranked in my group of friends sooo

Rager - Gets mad when things don't go her way

Lagger - Lags half the time so she always loses lane

Off meta player - Plays champions in lanes they aren't typically played. 

Other shotcaller - She's in the same rank as me so she's also reliable to carry
In the middle of my friends whom I usually play, I'm known as "the guy who picks random stuff on toplane, and yet still wins somehow."

Last time that happend, I won as Taric top lane with a Manamune as first item. Pushing towers has never been easier.

Also one time I went Yorick top, and by the time bot lane got the first tower destroyed, I was hitting their Nexus.
I need 6 RP to buy Star Guardian MF, so I drew her
Message riot support
>I‘m not good at drawing

Yeah of course 
Send the picture to Riot Support. It's good enough for 6 RP.
Nicely done, I've made one myself 420 days ago, got me 69 RP.
Check it [here](https://i.imgur.com/ZAAVwp5.png)!
i drew sg mf too when i asked 15 rp 
Wow, it's really cool! Gj meu amigo :D
good job, looks sweet! 
Nice drawing!

So you know, the people saying to message support are correct-- that's usually how rp-for-drawings works. I've been around here for years, and haven't ever seen it happen in a Reddit thread. No reason to lose hope, it'll probably take a couple days though. 

P.S very good English. 
Its great
[removed]
yall need to chill with those drawings how will I ever get my skin change https://imgur.com/a/tv0HG
she has no face
You're supposed to draw a shitty picture, downvoted :P

^nah ^it's ^nice, ^do ^more ^and ^i ^think ^it ^could ^turn ^out ^very ^impressive
nice picture, should be good enough for 6rp :P

also just wondering, what do you guys (OP and viewers) use to draw things?

I've heard a lot of photoshop but some people use some abstract programs I've never heard of. please, let me know!
me 2 pls
Have you posted this before?
wtf you're not supposed to draw it good REEEEE

jk it looks nice, I hope Riot gives you RP!
aye not bad! way better than anything I would make! I hope Riot gives you the 6 rp :)
I asked properly but i got rejected. in the end, i never bought a skin.
remove the sall details and its minimalistic
Oh Miss Fortune, my favorite champion. Amazing picture <3
It's great but it reminds me of the 'restored' spanish Jesus fresco
This is so good that it's terrible. I much prefer the so bad that they're good category. 
I like it :3
You know they dont even look what u did draw?
TCL Current Has More Koreans than Any region - Except Korea
Who is Zuss? Haven't seen a post about him or anything.
My urf adventures filled with Machine Gun Swain, ap Ashe, and more
The 7 players to look out for in 2018 EU LCS
last time i saw caedrel was when he went afk in my ranked :D
So happy that we italians (and also our portuguese bros) finally have a fellow countryman playing in the LCS. Go Jizuke!! Make us proud <3
tl;dr:

* FNC Hyllisang
* H2K Caedrel
* MSF Sencux
* VIT Jizuke
* VIT Minitroupax
* S04 Upset
* UOL WhiteKnight
Not a fan of how the article made it seem like Hyli and Sencux are perfect players with no flaws. 
I'm excited to finally see WhiteKnight in the LCS. He has been hyped up for many years and I can't wait to see how he develops on the main stage.
I´d take Wadid and Hjarnan since Zven and Mithy were the best EU Botlane for the last 2 years
So many awkward sentences in this that made it difficult to read. Still, not heard of a bunch of these so good to have a list of newbies to keep an eye on. 
Where is gilius?
I would pick Sheriff instead of Caedrel if i would pick some player from H2K. Caedrel was actually long time in EU CS so we know what to expect from him.
My player to watch will be S04 Pride, dudes a monster
The Title should be called "The 7 players going to NA next split".
Bias list!! Where is Sprattel??
Whiteknight and totoro hype
>VIZICASCI VIZICASCI VIZICASCI VIZICASCI VIZICASCI VIZICASCI
Jiizuke pocket pick is Ekko not Swain  
Jesiz was good on FNC, but I think Hylisang will take this team to the next level.  I feel like an agressive support would bring the best out in Rekkles, not to mention it'll solve a lot of the shotcalling issues.
I swear Hylissang makes it into every player to watch article 
Vizicasci...
Alternative title: the 7 remaining players in the EU LCS
In one year we can put up the exact same article and say 2019 NA LCS
Upset should be higher
> The 7 **remaining** players to look out for in 2018 EU LCS*

FTFY
y sure sencux 
What position does Caedral play?
Where is Targamas
Can't wait to see my boi Jiizuké..
I think you should  look out for ma boi Sheriff
Where would whiteknight rank in the current EU top lane talent ? 


I want to see how good Upset, WhiteKnight and Hylissang would be in the Spring split.
see you Hylissang 
Only player to look out for me is Kasing. Maybe  sheriff too.
Otherwise known as the future NA imports. 
good list imo, all 7 are underrated
Add Hjarnen to that List 
I'm looking for Zven, Mithy, Power of Evil and Febiven. They were doing so well last season and all of the sudden they're not on any team?! 

Wtf happened?
and number 8 is Power of Euros


Torille
Caedrel xD
Who NA is gonna import for 2019?
so pretty much "The 7 players NA will probably import next offseason",
1. Power of Evil
Lemme stop you there. No thanks.
People watch EULCS? lol
If you woke up as your favorite champion in a small apartment in Manhattan, What would you do?
touch myself
Get evicted because I can't afford to pay $2000 for a one room apartment with no marketable skills. Maybe I'll go into the subway and perform tricks with Valor for chump change, or have him shit all over Trump Tower.
Either void walk everywhere, or go out plundering 
I'd be ziggs and have some throwbacks
Throw some rocks at people and then the book at them too (Taliyah main)
Just morph and eat everyone
Feed my bird and plan to take over ~~Demacia~~ New York. 
Well, given how my favorite champ is talon... I guess we'd have Assassins creed - a bloddy present.

My second favorite champ is Lux, and given how she is super smart apparently, i'd just use my brain to become rich as shit and then live a sickass life.
as my favorite champ being tham kench. i would probably go for a snack
I'd become famous for being the first sentient robot, so my life would be set
I would Search for other champions, probably going towards the sun... (leona main)
(Camille) It better be a penthouse, otherwise I'd just hookshot the hell out of there and buy one.
look for the nearest blood bank and ... well, probably  use the blood for my evil means, like for example, uh... drowning my political opponents?
The apartment would burst due to my immense size.   I’d probably attempt to reclaim most of New York for the ocean.  (Nautilus)
I'd go lay some rich dudes.
Gee I sure can't wait for all the hilarious jokers with a female champ flair saying something along the lines of "'masturbate"
Avoid capture by the military because I would not like to spend the rest of my life in a lab.
-zyra
Well, conquering the entire world? (Xerath)

Just kidding. Probably creating a revolution and destroying terrorist organizations.
Seducing everyone I can and being a super popular outgoing person (Rakan)
Would I just be Sejuani or would I have Bristle too? 
I don't think id leave the apartment
wish my fav champion is miss fortune
Be a hooker -blitz
Hey guys, do you know any cool subreddits I can subscribe to about league?
/r/leagueoflegends 
https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/wiki/relatedsubreddits

There you go man.
r/janna is pretty good.
/r/leaugeoflegends
r/rivenmains
Malzahar guide in 1 second
**Runes:** 

Sorcery

Summon Aery

Manaflow Band

Transcendence

Scorch

Inspiration

Perfect timing

Magical footwear

**Build:**

Broken stopwatch

Morel

Haunting Guise

Sorc Shoes

Dorans ring

1 Control ward

**How to play:**

R

What is he saying in that clip?
Press R to pay disrespect
I drew kindred's splash art using paint
Wolf actually looks pretty legit. Lamb though...my sides

10/10
You fucking copied this, because it looks exactly like the ingame splash art
Absolutely fucking terrifying 
Thanks to this post, I realize that there's a woman under them.
New kindred lore: Wolf tempts Luke to the dark side while lamb steals his lightsaber and kills him with it.
It's a disgrace
Exquisite!
Hello? Yes, Sistine Chapel? Yes, we have found your next muralist!
It's good, but not 'My Shy Girlfriend drew this' levels of good.
Reminds me of a certain Grakata-wielding hero from another franchise...
That guy on the ground is still in great pain 
This reminds me of the gooby meme from long ago. The way her face droops
This might be what the key in Zoe’s splashart is for.
If they murder zoe once freed, then yes, please 
I know Fiddlesticks basically has no lore right now, but let's be real, there's no way they're making a scarecrow have any relevance to the Freljord or the Watchers. Knowing Riot, they'll probably never expand on this, or eventually retcon it into something else, before forgetting about it again.
*You carry an Iceborn weapon, Ashe.*  
Yeah okay, whatever.
I really hope there will be many more events in general. Especially with the missions. I think the Snowdown mission were a big succes with pretty valuable rewards. EXP, Blue Essence, Emotes and especially the Chest **with** a Key are really nice to obtain for free. 

the key (for 50% winrate, heh) was taken from Fiddle splash, because Riot was reworking lore.  
If the deleted Institute of War, Summoners and Influence Points, then Fiddle's old lore wasn't relevant anymore.  
Then they gave him new splashart and "reworked" his lore.  

Amazing Anivia outplay
So you are the one that always pings on the turret while i'm already pushing as hard as i can.

Good play though
Nice play.  
Aside:  Holy fuck what am I listening to?  It sounds like somebody placed a microphone next to the band in a circus tent, and now they're listening to every song that band played one night--all at the same time.  It sounds like about thirty people who've never touched an instrument, practicing on the brass while a toddler smacks a toy drum kit.
As an Anivia main, I can only be disappointed by the first wall :(
Nice trick with the gromp tho, great job!
Had to make sure this wasn't Trizze
report lux lol
"Report lux lol"
Kayn 2017
[YouTube mirror](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxuX-XIiI1k)
***
boop beep.

I got an upgrade! I'm now 1000% faster downloading, 20% faster uploading, 70% faster processing and probably giving 20% more bugs! YAYYYY
I like the ''gj I wasted their time'' before he kills them all
100% Bronze V
Wow, nj.
Should have pressed (x) to select champion lol
that was preeetty good.

Never thought about it being possible to hide your egg in monsters.
Amazingx ?
-report Lux
:d
Kind of a dick move to spam laugh in all chat though.
Wasn't there just a front page post on target enemy champ only. If only these guys went on reddit..
Ok...move in and stopwatch to save your ADC!
this is legit the most bm thing you can do....
How many missing pings did you get for that?
Especially since she 99% died afterwards to Cait trap + headshot.
that's some top 10 anime betrayal 
Best part is that karma is 100% dead once she comes out of stopwatch
this is the kind of stuff that leaves the ADCs with PTSD
I guess you could say that was a... perfect timing.
This is worse than flashing to kill your team mate with a Cait ult
i mean this makes sense in a weird sort of way.

jump in front of the shot to save them, and stopwatch to stop the damage.

(of course that's not how it works but hey you had a point lmao)
I once had an ally say "this was perfect in my mind..." after dying spectacularly. I know that moment so well.
I wish I could see the chat log.
i would have tossed my keyboard and started laughing hysterically
This was simply beautiful. The golden hue shining glorious as your adc dying in frustration.
/r/leagueoflovers
Respect id be laughing my ass off
fucking cold man
I am so doing this next time I support someone. 
Quite the contrast with these, lol

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-5glRmyuDo
I think its time to "Stop" and "Watch" your ADC die when he gets that item lol.
LOL. If I was the adc, I would be tiled out of my mind. 
Reminds me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJkiGU73YkA

Was part of a string of "My Heart Will Go On" memes from back in the day.
8/10 BM. It would be 10/10 if you still somehow managed to live with a crazy Benny Hill themed chase. 
I knew exactly what kind of play this was going to be.

Not disappointed, 10/10 bm.
Top 10 Anime betrayles
SivHD... Anyone???

Before it was cool.
I expected caitlin ult just from title. 

Actually I seen whole thing from title before even watching damn video.
kkkkk. "In my brain I was going to save both of us..." Indeed! +1
Have you heard the story of the dark lord, /u/Ziberian? I thought not. It's not a story the Summoners would tell you. It's a legend. /u/Ziberian was a Dark Lord of the Summoners, so powerful and so wise he could use the Stopwatch to influence the Summoners to create life... He had such a knowledge of the perfect timing that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. It is said to be a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Ironic, he could save others from death, but not himself.

EXCEPT THIS ONE TIME, OH! GOD! THAT WAS FUNNY! HE LITERALLY STOPWATCHED AND KILLED HIS FELLOW SUMMONER AND ENDED UP DYING TOO.
What a shit ass title lol
Not going to lie but if I'm going to die to a Cait shot that's aimed at someone else I will flash/fuck them over if possible.
Changing in game audio to KR/JP.
just use LVOC
https://lexwah.com/lvoc/
Find your League folder, it's normally C:\Program Files\League of Legends
Go into RADS\system and open locale.cfg and replace the location wth the location of the language that you want. For example I switched from English to japanese voices so I replaced en_GB with ja_JP

Copy + Paste from: https://boards.euw.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/help-support-en/xXtn49FL-how-to-change-the-ingame-voice-to-japanese-voice
Getting matched against 5 premades in Flex, while you're not 5 man pre, feels extremely bad
Hmm, to my knowledge it's still only possible to 5 man premade against another 5 man premade. Also, 4 man premades aren't allowed in Flex Queue. Can you show a match where you think you were against a 5 man as a non 5 man?
Usually if this happens than i think Riot makes sure that their average mmr is well below yours to try to even out the advantage they get from communication, but I agree that sometimes getting matched against 5 mans as a 5 random feels very oppressive.
It’s flex lol 
Will it ever be possible to change date of birth on my account?
Sounds fishy. You'll definitely need to prove the account is yours. Try to find the email when you first comfirmed your account to get the excact date it was made, try to remember the first skin / champion you bought and other details only the original owner of the account could know.

If you can't provide any of those things you'll definitely not convince them and might even lose your account trying.
I agree with u/d3str0yer up to the point where he started spouting paranoid nonsense. Contact support and see what they can do. You will likely have to do something like fax a copy of some state ID.

It will be a lot easier if you are over 18. If not you will likely need your parents help.
you can try contacting riot support but chances are they're gonna perma ban your ass because "you stole that account and want to make it yours now".
League Displays app not working
I've never used it since I use wallpaper engine but try running it on administration mode 
Stole the Baron Across the Map with Snowball, luckiest play of my life!!
Imagine if I had a real ball 
Must be Buddy from Elf
Haha. Even blind to it as well. Nice job, sir.
Haha very nice 
New to the game, any beginners wanting to team up and learn
not new but id be down to play with you whenever and help you learn
r/leagueconnect and the subreddits discord channel are you best bets to find players. I have some resources I can send your way if you want them

There is also this thread

https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/7mjr23/thursday_looking_for_group_megathread/
i can give you a 10 min coaching lesson in a private match if you want to teach you the basics. im platinum 3 in ranked atm
What server are you on?
Are you in North America? If so, add me, my IGN is Fìorá (just copy and paste it) and I'm a Plat 4 Fiora main, but I've been playing for a few seasons and mained just about every role and I've been halfway decent at everything but support. I try to help out new players on Reddit when I can, but it's been a while since I picked up a newbie. Hit me up if you want to play a few games!
Did you used to play rs3?
Add me if you're on EUNE, TheTwentyFirst
is it possible to mute the ingame chat notification?
Dumbledoge: EULCS is better than NALCS (full translation of interview)
> RiotTR caster **tonbaliklimakarna**  

what??


is dumbledoge the guy who says "leave britney alone" ?
>Q: Why do you always look stressed?

>A: I'm not stressed. My face looks like this. I take all games serious

That's such a weird question 

Also kudos for the title OP, you have a bright future as a journalist
Gonna get my popcorn ready
wow nice bait thread
57% upvoted 

hmmm i wonder why
"it's not your fault. It's your jungler's fault." - Life of a jungle main :(
LMFAO even if NA is "easier" he has absolutely no chance to play in NA considering the import rule. No team is going to waste an import slot on him. Also, getting into an NALCS team as an import is insanely fought after, with a ton of world class players wanting to get into the league due to high salaries and great orgs. So yeah EU has better players but getting into NALCS is way way harder.
At this point I've stopped giving a shit about comparing NA and EU. Both are disappointments. 
Water is wet.
EU players go to NA because of money. I'm not saying one is better than the other, but it is not fair to say EU is better simply because EU players move to NA.

Edit: I guess I should have specified, I only was talking in regards to the interviewer's side comment, since people for some reason took this as me disagreeing with the whole interview.
Well, grass is green and EU has better players then NA... I think even the most die hard of NA fans wouldn't say that NA produces better talent. 
Who the fuck is dumbledoge
lol at the people who think that good players with potential suddenly won't get any offers from NA teams (that are basically expanding to 20 teams with academy teams) because he said NA was easier based on his own experience
ITT: Salty muricans
NA LCS is easier because there's less regional talent and therefore less drive to improve. NA is a really weird one, no idea why they have less players than EU total but it's hurting the region, combined with ping issues, even if the infrastrurcure and salaries themselves are much better. 
Don't know who this guy is but i love him for this. Salt flowing

first question is more about famous
The majority of people on this Thread are saying "SALTY MERICANS HAHAHAH"
Like umm the amount of bitter EU Fans compared to bitter NA fans.......
But EU still aren't good enough to make people care about their region
nothing new
55% upvoted just because of a clickbait, the salt is real and its pretty sad
[deleted]
Thanks for the translation, interesting interview
If the best place he has been to is Australia then his opinion is invalid.
considering that EU has consistently outperformed us at worlds i would have to agree.
Ehhh EU fans are so salty lol..Can't blame them tho - it's gotta be hard to be a fan of a region that, despite having some solid performances, is quickly fading to irrelevance. Quite frankly, there's no NA EU rivalry because no one gives a shit.
Lets be honest here, EU is the scouting grounds for NA. 
people who take his word saying EULCS is better also have to take is word that NA > berlin :)
He just lost all opportunities in LoL. Every org now thinks he has cognitive issues. /kinda/s
He must be out of his mind. LMAO
[removed]
Dumbledumb? 3 of EU's best 5 players (maybe 10) just came to NA. 
No, no EU team wants you go back to turkey and play for 10k a year ty.
Simply hilarious
This guys videos are so stupid... I love it!
nice montage!
My Crazy Yasuo Outplay
Friends Wanted :)
My first Video. Sorry for the first Clip which is too long
Sick brand pentakill in ARURF
Champion and skin sale: 12.29 - 01.01
meh selection tbh...
PSA: You can use Ctrl+C (or the buttons left of portrait) to toggle between stats and runes
I would find this post helpful if the game didn't tell me this every single time I play.
Katarina pentakill Outplay
